 First, now, as we get started, let me introduce Beth Benkowski, the AVP for the Southeast region who lives very close to here and Ben Taylor, our chief AI strategist, to welcome you officially to Miami. Welcome to Miami. It's so exciting to see you all here. We have over a hundred customers, Ben Taylor, and Ben Taylor in-personer online from all over shout out especially to the Latin contingent that traveled from all over Latin America as well as some of our East Coast customers that made the trip down. Again, just iconic brands, I believe we have some quotes from Miami-Dade College. In the audience, you all are doing such an amazing job of building a mega university and actually expanding it with some fabulous tech curriculum. So we're really excited to have you all here as well. We have assembled a group of partners that have been with us on this journey and we wouldn't have been able to get to where we are right now without their help. They are here to chat with you, aim point, snowflake, and raking about some incredible successes and value that they've delivered to their customers. They are here, please take a minute to chat with them. And with that, I am going to turn things over to Ben Taylor. For those of you who are not one of the 71,000 plus followers on the LinkedIn, Ben is really the preeminent thought leader on all things AI. He personally holds 14 patents, which is much more than many companies provide with all their employees. We are thrilled to have him at DataIQ and super excited for you to hear a little bit about what he's going to chat about this morning with regards to AI. So thank you, welcome. Thank you, Ben. So I want to start out by talking about the brain because I think when we understand our own brain, we can then begin to understand AI a little bit better. I really like this photo. I think this photo is a little funny. So this was a selfie I took last spring and I'm stuck. So I need to make a decision and I wear a heart rate monitor and sometimes when I get in this type of a situation, my heart rate can peak at 170 beats per minute in a resting state, which is funny because it means my amygdala is wide awake. So my amygdala, I think of the lizard part of your brain, fight or flight, it thinks I'm going to die. But the neocortex, the mammalian part of the brain, it knows I'm going to die, but it doesn't think I'm going to die today. And so it's actively sequencing different future events and it's trying to determine if I have sufficient experience to execute on those future events safely. And really this is what defines intelligence. So intelligence is our ability to acquire knowledge from experience for our future decisions. And to jump into the animal kingdom, I think it's fun to apply intelligence to say something like this caterpillar is this caterpillar intelligent. Maybe what if I decide to poke this caterpillar in the face every day? So Monday, poke it in the face, Tuesday, poke it in the face, will this caterpillar turn away tomorrow when I show up? It's unknown. It's a simple enough life form, it is unknown. We could test that. What about a cat? I only get to do that once for that cat. But I can do it to every cat. As long as I really could, I can do it to every cat every day. What about a human? A human is fascinating because a human can transfer their experience through language. Our language is profound. And the interesting thing about the humans is I can't get away with, I can poke a few humans in the eye. But if I left on a spaceship and traveled the speed of light and came back, I actually might not be able to poke humans in the eye ever again because experience is transferred through stories, through language. And for everyone in the room, we are here because we are intelligent. We've done different things in our careers. We've been successful. But we really can't take credit for that. You have to thank all of the people before you, all of the people that have written books and learned things that made mistakes. And now let's redirect this, oh, so a fun question to ask. Are you smarter today than when you were as a child? How much? How much smarter are you today than you were as a child? Are you 10 times smarter? 100 times smarter? Well, it's a big number. Some of us that might feel infinitely smarter. We are so much wiser than we were as a child. And then now the question that might create some anxiety, are you smarter today than you were yesterday? Did you know there's no guarantee? Do you know often our experience can, there's things called neural writing, you fall into habits and you might inherit behaviors of this is how we've always done it. And so your ability to innovate might, you might be less likely to innovate in your organization the longer you've been in your position. And so turning this into business, a business is made of people and process. And if I went into a business and someone's particular business and if I did an audit of a particular process, we would find out that a lot of processes are stale. A lot of processes have dust on them and we can ask why. So why do these processes, why are they stale? Why haven't they changed for 10, 20 years, never? Well, they haven't changed because people are busy working the process. Or the consequence of change is significant. If you're in insurance, you're not going to change your underwriting process on Tuesday. That would be a disaster. And so that's an issue you have still process. And then the other issue is you have knowledge workers that leave. So my career started working for Intel and Micron. And I remember when I was a junior chemical engineer, I was very intimidated. You're doing things, you're trying to understand how to do work. And then something new happens. And when something new happens, you have to go talk to the gray hair, gray beard, individual to come help you. And then eventually you become that. But what happens when you leave? Where does that knowledge go? So a lot of businesses struggle with knowledge loss. And now this sets the table for AI. So your data is your experience. You have so much data flowing through your organization. Are you leveraging that experience for better decisions? And the reality in the market is most people are not. But people are starting to. So our growth is it's exploding in the region, but it's also hitting across every sector you can imagine. And I think people have thought the data science is just for this niche group. It's just for this little IT department. But we are seeing AI showing up in nearly every business vertical that you can imagine. And we see companies that are setting up centers of excellence where they are implementing AI in every single department. So I'm a big believer that every person in a company should be able to scope an AI problem. So it doesn't matter what the role is. It doesn't mean they know how to execute and own the problem. But everyone in a company should be able to identify that I think this process is ripe for consideration. I think this process needs to go to the center of excellence. In this every day, so sometimes when you take an enterprise approach to applying AI, you focus on one high value problem. You have a team come in, you do the problem, and then that team leaves. But the problem with that approach is the best ideas come from your people. And I've seen this firsthand. And I think this is kind of funny. So when I sell, so I spent the last two years flying around the world with data robot, selling software before that I had my own company trying to sell software. And it's interesting because when you run into the business, there's this initial gatekeeper that's very stoic that I don't know if you can solve my problem. And I call that the gap adoability. And so normally to get across that, it puts pressure on me to offer up a case study. And this is interesting because when you're going into telecom, they want to hear the best ideas for me for their industry. And they can hear the best ideas from us that are hospital readmittance and health care. Like there are some general high value use cases, and we have those case studies. But ultimately, the secret sauce for your business is not going to come, it's not going to be something I say. It's going to be something that you do with your people. And so getting past that hurdle of that initial toe in the water and really adopting AI at scale, it does a few things. Quick time check. How much time do I have? Perfect. Sorry. Sorry, I lost my train of thought real quick. So it, oh, so this is fascinating. So if you introduce, let's take a look at a process owner. So process owner is working a process. They're making decisions. If I bring AI into a process, I'm not automating the process. I'm just building a model. Fortunately today, AI can tell stories. And those stories can be understood by non-technical people. It can, if you build an AI model, it will tell you what inputs are driving this process outcome. And the moment that happens, there's something that's fascinating that happens to the process owner. So the process owner who might not be a data scientist, the moment you tell them what is driving their process, they will have an idea. Someone will have an idea and a process will begin to evolve. The other thing I've seen firsthand, I've had examples where we'll come in and we will apply AI into a process and we will get better performance than the people. And the knee jerk reaction is, oh no, what happened to the people? So if I can get better performance than the people in the process, does that mean we lay off the department? And I've seen that that's not true. What happens is the process owners suddenly become innovative. The process owners, you are doing them a favor. They're coming into work with new ideas. They're working on problems that are so difficult they have to collaborate. And now compare that to what was happening before. So before they had work to do. Before I would argue, the analogy I give is the urgency to begin to apply AI throughout society is it's great for efficiency, it's great for making money, it's great for healthcare. Healthcare, by the way, is that we have so much more to do in healthcare. COVID was a disaster. I was on the phone talking, trying to get patient level data in the US when COVID hit. And people on the other side of the phone were saying we haven't had enough people die to understand the disease. We've only had six people die in our hospital network. But thousands of people are dying in New York. So their deaths are meaningless to my local area to learn. And this is still a broken thing that hopefully will be fixed quickly in our lifetime, leveraging that. So healthcare can be that's something that we all want. A quarter of us will die of heart disease. I'd like that number to be smaller. AI can help with that. But now if you think about your just the human cognitive thought cycles, I like to compare it to in the wild, a giraffe will walk 100 kilometers in a day. It's pretty inspiring. That's a lot, just casually. Now compare that to a giraffe in the zoo. That's pretty depressing. I'm not saying we should get rid of zoos because I like to be able to go see these things. It's easier than going to Africa. But I would make the argument that that process owner, they are a giraffe in the zoo. So if you bring these technologies in, if you allow them to begin inspecting the process, understanding it and innovating, you have allowed their mind to be challenged. Do you have allowed their mind to go to a new territory, which I think is really exciting. The last in a few minutes I have left, so I've started my career more technical and I've tried to communicate with the business in the past and I have been unable and I've been confused why I can't communicate with the business. And normally I'm trying to educate them on an AUC curve or some statistical jargon and it's not working and I'm confused by that. When I went and did my own startup and I had to hold the weight of payroll myself, it changes you. It changes you for the better. And so now when I interact with the business, some of my favorite questions to ask and these are all questions you should be asking yourselves when you go back and talk internally. My two favorite discovery questions are tell me a number about your business where a very small change makes you excited. And I want to know what all those numbers are. Those number e-commerce, click through rate, insurance, it's lost. There are numbers throughout our business where very small changes are unbelievably impactful for the business. Great ways to go hunting for AUC cases. My other favorite one is where's your business bottlenecked by where's your growth bottleneck by human capital? And if they don't have a quick response to that, then I'll make it a little silly. I'll say congratulations. A thousand people are showing up tomorrow. They are free for the whole year and they are experts. Best in class in one job family, what are they doing for your business? And what we find is where a business unit will put those people to go to work. It's typically a great use case for AI. So those are two examples of some good leading business questions that you can ask on discovery. The other issue you run into with AI is it's the shiny new toy. It's got the cool factor. And I've heard bad ideas from technical teams, but I've also heard bad ideas from executives. And so the example would be if you're ever starting a project with, would it be cool if? There's really a chance it's not there's not a business incentive to do it. It doesn't mean you shouldn't do cool projects, but you don't want to start with cool projects. And so I have found one of the best ways to flesh out the good ideas is to try to brainstorm and get all the projects, all the potential projects up there on the board with the process owners. And then you're trying to rank them from feasibility. Is the data even available? Can we get access to it? How long is it going to take? And then business value. Is this worth nothing? One dollar sign, two dollar signs or three dollar signs. You don't have to be that specific. You're just trying to get order of magnitude. What are the three projects you're going to start on? And we see if you take that approach, the impact of the business can be significant and it can be defensible. In some cases, we see some companies, I've seen some companies hitting numbers as big as 2%, or even 5% impact on revenue when they really enroll, when they really roll AI out at scale in a way that is run like a business. So I think I'll wrap up there and turn it over to the next individual. And I'm available. I'm here today. I've made enough mistakes to be useful. I've had models breaking production from previous employers that have negatively impacted customers. And I've had to walk away from a level of arrogance that existed within my data science team. Seven years ago, a platform company tried to sell to my team when I was at higher view and I was the chief data scientist there. Every member of my team had a PhD in physics. And I had a level of arrogance that whatever, even if data I could have showed up seven years ago, whatever you are selling, my team will build it in two months, which is incredibly naive. But that was the attitude that we had. And we had an excursion hit us in production, a model drifted negatively impacted customer. And it wasn't because of our lack of data governance. We were doing everything right. We were great. It was a data vendor. We were consuming a data vendor upstream. And they admit a change that was so minor that they did not tell any of their customer base. And it impacted us. And so we had to build feature drift, MLOPS capabilities very quickly in a few weeks. And honestly, if we went back and compared what we did to what Data IQ has, I would be very embarrassed by what we did. And so the thing that comes up, it doesn't matter how smart you are. It doesn't matter how smart you are. It matters how much experience you have. And when you get platform companies like Data IQ, the amount of problems they've hit, the amount of experience, think of the customer feedback, it's so much bigger than a single team. And that's why it makes so much sense in my mind to partner with these platform companies. They've nearly seen it all. And that becomes a great resource for the team. So I'll wrap up there and I'll be around later today and turn it back over to Connor. Thanks, Alan.