 Spreading risk is in our DNA. Since early humans hunted in groups or split up their cargo, we've known how to mitigate our losses. Even written insurance policies go back as far as the 18th century BC, when the Babylonians carved into diorite rules about loan forgiveness fees to merchants who lost their ships. Well, now we ensure everything, our health, our cars, our pets, our holidays. That's a lot of coverage. We've found a lot of information about a lot of people. So how do insurance companies cope with so much data? And how does AI make a fundamental human trait more efficient and effective? Before we answer, let's take a look at insurance as a whole. As you might have guessed, it's absolutely vast. $6.1 trillion vast to be exact. And the first insurance company can be traced back centuries all the way to the great fire of London. But it hasn't always been above board. Taking out life insurance policies on total strangers was a form of gambling for over 200 years. And nowadays, well, you can ensure against almost anything. In 2001, a man ensured himself for 500 euro against receiving bad Christmas presents. And finally, with nearly 90% of all insurance companies investing in AI, you can say for certain it's the future of the industry. So AI is already making waves in the industry. But what exactly is it being used for? And how will it help us the consumer? We went to Zurich to see how artificial intelligence makes some more intelligent insurance. This is all about doing your job properly. If you're working with data, so it's understanding the data and understanding where it's coming from, its context. Ultimately, it should make workers life more interesting and focus on other, more important tasks. The term AI. To me, it seems to have a negative connotation sometimes that, you know, computers are generating their own rules and doing their own thing. But in reality, it's a tool. It's like my Swiss Army knife for analytics tasks. We know as humans, we have our strengths and weaknesses when it comes to repetitive tasks or unlimited amount of data that human brain cannot process. AI can increase our skill sets. AI can be deployed in any of the insurance processes. So from product design, underwriting, pricing, claims handling, claims management. It also can give us new insight, so it helps us cutting through complexity. So there are benefits on pricing, benefits on efficiency, speeding up process. So when we have a noted question, you can have millions of entries and what AI supports us with is go through these entries and tell us where to look deeper and make this first filter. The AI part is then what you've done all that groundwork, that's the tool in your technique you're using to do that. I see AI as a factor that could improve operational processes and make them quicker, which in the end serves the customer. If you crash your car and you go a nice hat, you can take a photo with a damaged on the car, the claims process automatically and you get a payment within a few days, you got a very happy customer. So handing over data to Big Tech, I mean to me this is all about looking at the usage. We need the vast amount of data in order to tailor our products and make the customer benefit out of this process because insurance is all about processing and transferring information. I think everyone has to make their own sort of value call there on exactly how much you have a little, you know, they're happy to hand over really. AI is only as intelligent as the user that is deploying it. It's about a human element, never lets the algorithms decide, purely by themselves what to do and then to relearn what they're going to do based on that. If I was starting out my career now, I would be looking for that human element still in that process. I'm trying to understand what it can help you with, what it can give you. So I don't think a predictive software will ever make insurance obsolete because I see the benefit on the individual level of having insurance. If we have a move to a utopian society where there are no risks, maybe you won't need insurance but I think you'll always need insurance. Well something is fundamental to our society, our economy, as insurance. A shift towards artificial intelligence is bound to have profound effects felt at every level. So what does it mean for the insurers and the insured? I spoke to some experts to help find some answers. So Sean, you were telling me that you let an insurance company install black box in your car so they can follow you everywhere? Yes, yes, I went onto a comparison website and I put in the details of myself, my driving habits, my history and the vehicle and a range of quotes came up. One company defines all the black box tracking device in my car will give me a significant discount and I thought, what's the worst that can happen? Do you get a discount just for putting the box in or does it have to do the recording first? That is a great question. Probably what made me sign up is that there's an immediate discount for installing. And I think we're already seeing the predictive power here because I bet you they were able to build a simple model that says, any person who's willing to install this black box on average, they're probably going to have lower premiums. With nebulous points and money back and so on, it's becoming more and more in case that the insurance companies are capable of. You're very involved in your daily decisions. With that box installed on your car, perhaps it detects some kind of incident that's occurred. It's now taken away from you. That ability to decide whether or not you want your insurer to know when you install. Now you've made it hurt for me in my mind. And you can go further in like 20 years' time where everything is IOT and every decision that we're made are insurance gets adjusted that moment. Some people would see that as a positive, you can go about your life as you best see fit and your risks are then calculated and you can make your decision based on that. Or I can see a world where all this tech starts to alienate people. Although the challenge and I think I'm indebted to a strategy for this is the point that your individual data is worth literally nothing. It's your data melded together with hundreds, thousands, millions of others that suddenly becomes worth a huge amount. That's suddenly when you get value. And then when you take that value and divide it by the millions of people, you're absolutely talking about real money that somebody could indeed be willing to pay you for. You as the individual don't have much of a stick, right? Because you can't in any way punish them by walking away, right? And even as a collective of individuals, you don't have a lot of power. Potentially, if you get collective enough, which I guess brings us to where regulation and law starts having a real quite substantial impact. I mean, that is a way to genuinely start shaping and disrupting some of these systems. Why don't we just solve the problem by letting the black box drive the car and get rid of me? I think more of the human cases like driving will move to autonomous cars. They are not going to be introduced until they are 10 times, 20 times better than a human at driving. From sort of industrial cases to medical cases, as this stuff gets automated, you should see a reduction in accidents and therefore a reduction really in the need to ensure a lot of acts that we currently see as regular in our society. You would still possibly have some catch all, but you would therefore expect fewer events to be claimed against. Because the great majority of claims that are paid out are for what end up being relatively minor accidents with, and typically human error in some regard. If you were to consider how insurers make money in the future, it would be to not have, as I at the moment, would have insurance for my travel insurance, for my car, for my pet, for whatever. It will be a far more holistic sort of, you just plug in, especially on a personal level, and you get insured for all of those remote risks whilst having the preventative side to stop you falling into any of those categories. I'll pay an insurer to tell me not to do stuff. Yeah, possibly, and if you do do it, your premium goes up. Clearly there's a lot in the traditional approach that can be improved augmented using AI. Where would you expect people to start pushing out of those constraints? Insurance is one of the most interesting areas for AI to be applied because it's so broad, and it has been around for a long time and therefore is open to a bit of a shake-up. In the future, is it seen as a human right not to share, like a certain amount of data for some sort of essential product, and some people would see insurance as an essential product? Especially if it's mandated that you have to buy insurance for certain categories of risk. Exactly. There's a lot of very specific information about ourselves that we provide, and we have reached a place at the present where we feel comfortable that that is appropriate for an insurer to ask. Perhaps ten years from now, it will simply be that the list of things that's appropriate for an insurer to ask is longer, but there will still be a clear line. Could AI ever make insurance obsolete? I think that it will change drastically over the coming 10, 20, 30 years. I think there are so many aspects of our life which still will need to be insured, who provides that insurance is still very much up for debate. Insurance has been around almost as long as human civilization. We spread risk as a collective to mitigate damage. This will never change. But as we hand over more accurate data, is the industry on the way to becoming more finely tuned, more personalized, or, as AI helps us get better and better at predicting issues like car breakdowns and heart attacks, could we stop needing insurance altogether? Personally, I wouldn't risk it.