 In 1772, a humble milleness started making fashion suggestions to Marie Antoinette, the Queen of France, talented and innovative, her recommendations were followed without question. And so, Rose Batana was considered the first ever professional stylist, the original influencer, you could say. 250 years later, we are all styled every day, by magazines, mannequins, and now machines. AI technology can make us recommendations, but can it make genuinely creative decisions? It can address us more suitably and more sustainably than we dress ourselves? Before we go further, here are some starting fashion figures. Fashion is one of the biggest industries in the world, with revenues expected to reach $2.25 trillion by 2025. This is because we buy a lot of clothes, 56 million tonnes a year to be exact. But we don't keep them long, the average garment lasts only about five weeks in our closets. Which makes fast fashion the second most polluting industry in the world. But with global spending on AI expected to reach $7.3 billion in 2022, artificial intelligence might provide the answer. Style, taste, self-expression, all very human concepts. There's no way a machine can have a fashion sense, right? But what if it could predict or even start trends? Or should AI be used in a more socially and environmentally conscious way? To find out, we spoke to some people on the cutting edge. The fashion industry needs to change. I would believe that digital transformation and the adoption of these tools within fashion can help us do that. So this is one of the pattern cutting rooms where fashion design students are working. At the FIA, we collaborate with both students and graduates in order for them to build together proof of concepts and prototypes. So we are really interested in how to merge traditional practice with emerging one and how digital tools can be adopted by fashion designers. The FIA stands for Fashion Innovation Agency. What we're trying at the FIA is basically to articulate and find hybrid models, which blend digital with physical practice and could slip to an industry that is much more sustainable and inclusive. The reactive reality rig is basically a turntable connected to these cameras and computers that allows us to take 360 photographs. All those photos are sent and they process it for us live, yeah. You scan your face with your phone and they create an avatar with your body measurements. Using the clothes that they scan, you can try on virtually onto your avatar. It's absolutely definitely sure that at the moment digital product is the only, it's the most sustainable form of product that we can produce. So definitely all of these different practices can create an industry that is much more sustainable. The incorporation of artificial intelligence as well as a tool to collaborate between tech and the fashion designer could create more sustainable pathways. For example, I know there are brands that are using artificial intelligence as a co-design tool. So basically their vision is to create what we buy and eliminate wastage and overproduction, but also on the inclusivity perspective. I think that with the blending of the two industries, the tech and the fashion, we create pathways that are much more inclusive. This is the content management system. Once you've got your 3D scan, you can use it in lots of different ways. You can put it onto an avatar. You can then place it into a virtual environment. You can then create completely virtual fashion imagery. The GodWalkshow, which is traditionally associated with a very elite event, which is open just to few people by incorporating digital tools. It can now be distributed to any end user. So these kinds of pipelines basically allow more people to be part of the equation, influence the international fashion landscape. For me, that is really fascinating. Some of the materials that, for example, digital designers are working with in the digital space are not possible to create physically, or you could augment your physical product with effects and animations that are not possible in the physical world. So where we are now is the digital learning lab. This is a project that I can show you. It's called HAC. So basically this garment is designed by using silicone. Anything incorporates inflatable technology together with increasing temperature. So it's programmed basically to be able to be hacked. So the where, where is it, and people using an augmented reality application can hack the garment. Pre-commendation engines are going to form more and more personal and intimate connections between each person and them, actually. That's, I think, that's again a game changer and something that all brands would want to be able to address their audience, their consumers individually, and to know more about them. So I think that individuality is going to still remain there. And it's about how we use these tools to make sure that these models that we have for so long are changing, but also we don't lose at the creative part and the aspect of people like being able to express themselves as they want. That's where it's going. It's going to be less generic and more focused on who you actually are. AI cannot replace the fashion designer from a fashion perspective. However, I believe that the very element of artificial intelligence is about randomness, like you give data to an algorithm and then you wait for a result. You don't know what it's going to look like. And this for me is the very basis of the creative process as a whole. So I think that it can definitely be a tool to collaborate with. Compensation around fashion is becoming more ethical than editorial these days. And a lot of it is centered around AI. Can machines help us make better purchases, create eco-friendly clothes, save waste? I hosted a roundtable to talk about how AI can impact the fashion industry for good. AI first entered the fashion industry, pursuing more narrow business objectives. And one of those objectives has become sustainability. You know, fashion industry does have a sustainability problem. And how can AI be used to remedy that? Yeah, definitely. Fashion is one of the worst industries in terms of its sustainability point. And we have lots of progress to make. But I think through that digital transformation by adopting AI and other kinds of technologies, fashion can become a more sustainable and inclusive industry. I think that's so interesting. But a lot of my research looks at the sustainability of AI. And what we see is digital or AI being how it is the solution to so many of our environmental sustainability problems. And my concern is that we can sometimes lose sight of the fact that when we're using these AI technologies, they also have a material cost, right? So just I suppose the development of the AI tools to do that will draw on minerals that will have to be extracted from the ground somewhere and manufactured and then used it. And then there will be e-wits at the end. So I don't know if the fashion industry, because I'm thinking about a lot of this in my work, has the fashion industry kind of touched base with that at all? Are they into discussions? That's an amazing question actually in something that I always constantly think. So I definitely don't believe that the digital is going to replace the physical 100%. However, through the implementation of these kinds of techniques from AI to 3D, to digital design and all of that, we can create business models that are much more sustainable. It's not a solution to just go 100% with AI indeed. So absolutely not. I think it's about working together, collaborating and generating these ideas that could create more sustainable business models by merging the two. When I think about creativity and fashion, I think about the genius alone in a dark room coming up with an amazing idea. Can I do the same? That's a great question. Initially artificial intelligence was introduced in fashion as a tool to simplify quantifiable business needs, like style recommendations or recommending product to consumers or also simplifying and making manufacturing processes more effective. But it's really interesting to consider the possibilities that AI has in the creative sector, because creativity is something harder to kind of put in numbers. When you use these sort of AI based tools for creativity, do you think that they can be truly creative and create things that are really new? Or are they always because they're trained on past examples of things? They're always somewhat derivative of sort of everything that's been done before. They cannot replicate for sure the designer or the creative, but also in most cases in terms of fashion designers, they would also have inspiration from different elements like nature or their backgrounds, their families, their cultural heritage. So I think that providing an algorithm, for example, with these kinds of references and then allowing it to create some random, like after life of them and the designer getting inspired by that, I think that that is really close to the actual process of creativity. I agree. I think anyone that creates is drawing on, you know, historical background, historical cultures, everything that they know or have learned in their own lifetimes. But then I would say, you come back to the more philosophical question, what is creativity and can you appreciate something that's been created by a machine as much as you might appreciate something, for example, created by a human? I don't know if that is effective in fashion, because I suppose in art, right? If you have this amazing picture, I know that if I go to an art gallery and there's a picture and I look at it and I don't know anything about it, it doesn't have much meaning for me, but if someone comes along and explains the story about the creation of the picture, it gains that meaning, that's the meaning making that comes from the picture. So I could see that as something slightly different with AI and I was just wondering how that kind of plays out in the fashion. Yeah, I definitely agree on that because from my perspective, working a lot with experiential retailers and experiences in fashion, quite with being observing is the fact that fashion is not about the product, is actually about the storytelling. I think that this is a very important element to narrate these stories. So even if they're created with AI, I'm sure the designer would be able to provide that storytelling behind. So very collaborative between the AI and the human as opposed to anything else. And I suppose as a creative element that's different here in the year selecting what data you want that algorithm to use to provide that inspiration. That data selection is then a kind of human creative process as well. Exactly. That's different than the traditional one, but still a kind of human creative process. And I think it maintains individuality in a way in the designer or creator, because the vision of the designer can be represented in that way as well. Have you had like those types of technologies previously in the fashion industry? Can you see a historical trend to kind of moving towards AI or do you see AI as something that's quite normal and new to a fashion industry that previously? Yeah, we've been seeing that fashion is an industry that was initially very hesitant to adopt these kinds of tools because fashion is a lot about tangibility. And I mean, I'm sure that this won't be eliminated. It will still be about tangibility and the physical representation of it. However, it's about how we can create new models by blending it with digital processes. So an industry with huge profits and huge problems. We know that AI is making a dent in the waste and now we're saying not so fast fashion, but will we go further than that? As machines are used to create patterns in prints, will data replace the designer? For now, at least, the vast majority of clothes and the challenges that come with them are made by humans.