 Advanced analytics can unlock immense business value for your organization, when subject matter experts have the right tools to explore and enrich data. In this video we will see how analysts can use DataIQ to generate consumable insights for data-driven decision-making. DataIQ allows users to explore business cases across domains and build consumable AI solutions, from self-service interactive applications to live dashboards with the latest insights to automated data flows. DataIQ makes it easy to get started and build projects in a single tool for your entire team. Our entire project structure and data pipeline are visually represented on the flow. Team members can collaborate on data tasks by easily accessing data and applying visual or code-based transformations. DataIQ keeps track of all these steps performed to automatically document your progress and make it easy for others to trace your actions and collaborate. To start with, explore data sets in a tabular spreadsheet like View. DataIQ automatically detects each column's data type, missing and invalid values, as well as further insights such as column statistics or outliers. You can continue exploring the data in the Statistics tab. You can perform analyses on a sample of your data to discover meaningful patterns. Furthermore, DataIQ's smart assistant suggests which variables and relationships might best be highlighted by a particular visualization, helping you create usable insights. You can move data, join multiple sources together, group and aggregate values, reshape the data structure, clean, transform and enrich data, all with a few clicks. Join multiple data sets together with a visual recipe. Here you can choose the join type, then selected columns, and any custom filters. These can later be converted and further edited in code for more custom use cases, creating a unified experience. More multiple types of row-based aggregations with the group recipe to instantly generate new meaningful columns in your data by averaging, counting, extracting minimums and maximums, or even applying different custom aggregations in one step. For more specific transformations, the Prepare recipe houses nearly a hundred different processors to quickly accomplish a wide variety of data manipulation tasks like binning, concatenation, and strings manipulation, currency and date conversions, geo enrichment, reshaping and more. Data who even suggests relevant functions for you based on the data's type and values, like removing outliers and missing values, to formatting dates and applying transformations on columns. For custom tasks, write formulas using the spreadsheet-like expression language or Python code for ultimate flexibility. All these transformations are instantly previewed on a sample of your data before you can choose to apply them to your entire data set, allowing you to experiment quickly without worrying about your table size. All perform steps are recorded for transparency, as well as easy collaboration or handoffs to new team members. After applying the necessary recipes, all of which can be seen back in the flow, analysts can now choose how to present and share their insights. Find familiar visualizations such as bar, line and pie charts with multiple layouts, boxplots, 2D distributions, heat maps, scatterplots, geo maps, and more in the chart section. Bring together model reports, interactive web applications, project metrics, weekies and many other elements by adding them to a dashboard and arranging them with various organization tools. Easily share dashboards with team members or stakeholders, and with the automatic refresh, business users always have the most up-to-date insights at their fingertips. Access business processes, documentation for various transformations, as well as any comments, project descriptions or other supporting information for the project can all be added to the weekie, which can be the starting point for new colleagues or stakeholders to understand the project's purpose and progress. You can access the important and popular results and insights from the project in a self-service analytics app. Teams can also build and host easy-to-use custom web applications developed with or without code to expose interactive visualizations, expose data sets, or trigger actions and scenarios to control other parts of your flow. And finally, automation addresses one of the most frustrating and time-consuming challenges analysts might face, having to repeat complex data preparation sequences to refresh the results or to account for changes in source data. Most of the flow can be rerun in succession when needed, or custom scenarios can be defined to update the flow in the case of new data source updates, schema changes, or declining quality in a track data set. We've reached the end of this quick tour. As you've seen in this video, DataIQ makes AI accessible to everyone, from creators to consumers. To learn more, get in touch with us on our website, or try out DataIQ for yourself. We look forward to hearing from you. Thanks for watching.