 Let me bring up and introduce Venkat Gopalan. Venkat is the chief digital data and technology officer at Bell Corp. Come on up. Come on up. That's you. So we're going to have a conversation here. It's not quite a fire side chat. It's way too hot to have a fire. We're going to have a little chat here today. We're going to start with the assumption that not everybody knows who you and Bell Corp are. Can you tell us a little bit about Bell Corp, what you guys do as a company and your role there? First and foremost, it's a pleasure to meet all of you. Now what an amazing day today. Great to see all the passion and all the hands-on labs. I'm an engineer myself. I'm happy to see all the people working today. Just to give you a little bit of a background. I'm Venkat Gopalan. I have a very interesting title, chief digital data and technology officer. I'm still figuring out my job. It's been three and a half years at Bell Corp. For those people who don't know, Bell Corp is a multinational beauty cosmetic leader in Latin. Started as a direct selling company and we evolved into a retail, direct to consumer selling marketplaces. We have operated on three brands and focusing on our different consumer segments across the spectrum. And what I do, I think, as I said, I have my primary job is about driving digital transformation in terms of delivering business growth and trying to drive to go to the new channels and new markets and also from a technology perspective, driving productivity and efficiency. That's in a nutshell. Part of it is also data and advanced analytics. Okay. So it's a big. That's a lot. We won't necessarily talk about all the pieces that you work on today. But so today has all been around building teams, building data science products. What does that journey look like? We've heard from people at the early end of the spectrum. We've heard from people a little farther into it. So tell us a little bit about where you guys are today and how you decided where you're going. Okay. Great. And I came on board in Belkov. I think after three months, I think my CEO asked me, hey, we are in the journey for data driven enterprise. How do we measure it? We are where we are in the journey, right? We all talk about data driven enterprise. There is a cultural aspect of it. But nobody has actually had, you know, there are different frameworks to look at. But that's fundamentally the question that the board asked my CEO and the CEO asked me and said, okay, okay, let's figure out. I'm not sure I'm able to move that. It's up there. Okay. Okay. No worries. So my first question was understanding the lay of the land, right? Kind of where we stand and how do we kind of move into that? And so there are different ways to look at it. But what we kind of looked at in two different spectrums. One, obviously the usual maturity around here, starting from descriptive, diagnostic, predictive, descriptive, spectrum. The other one that we wanted to be very objective about where we stand because we know the prescriptive and predictive of the type of iceberg. You know what? Because we below that in terms of data analytics is huge. So we kind of looked at five categories in terms of vision and strategy, how does it roadmap and vision and how do you look at analytics for the entire company that's driving business value. Second one is around data and information management. This is all around the technology, the underlying platforms, how data is accessible in real time and able to make a quicker decision. And third one is the capability building across organization. We talk about data democratization or AI being accessible. So how do we drive those information into more of insights? And how do you make sure that you are moving the maturity in the maturity of analytics from predictive to prescriptive? And then the fourth one was around sponsorship and governance. So how do you get the executive leadership team, the top leaders on the organization fully aligned on in terms of analytics across the spectrum. So we kind of measured in these four dimensions and then there is a detailed evaluation criteria. And then we said, and then we understood the gaps across a company and what the needs are. And then what happened within few months COVID hit, right? And when COVID hit, we found the crisis to be an opportunity. And we are figuring out March of 2020, hey, I think the consumer biggest of changing, we don't know when the pandemic is going to end. For sure, we do see that online is going to be the growth channel for us. And so we formulated bulk up to data strategy. I've been in several Fortune 50 companies like Estelle, order, Walmart, Labs, Nike. You generally don't have a company strategy which the technology and data are in enabler. Not necessarily a strategic pillar, right? So in part, I was able to convince my CEO and the rest of the business partners as well as the board that data analytics is very critical. And we have a strategic pillar, what we call accelerate growth and productivity through game changing AI, advanced lifting data. So using data and advanced analytics for driving growth, right? So and then there is a whole strategy being formulated through which we were able to have this journey for last couple of years. And this measurement is not all done internally. We also had an external phone kind of accesses. So there is a neutrality to it as well. And happy to say that from 2.4, we have in the last couple of years, even though we run in spring, it's a marathon. The journey is not in debt. So we are at 3.8. And also I think if you look at on the left side, it's basic market competitive actually also leading the practice. So we are in the leading the practice as of right now. So I can share more. Well, so I'm actually curious. So of the four things, you talk about the strategy, data, the capability, and then the sponsorship, what would you say was sort of like the laggard? What was the part that was the farthest behind that you needed to work on? I think it's more in terms of the sponsorship and governance, right? Everybody understood the data and advanced. Obviously, there are things that we need to fix from technology standpoint or data platform moving to modern data stack. But I think the biggest issue was if not everybody is aligned across the organization, right? And having that clear view and creating an excitement and also having this culture of focusing on data, and I think we started giving like, hey, in God, we trust for everything we need data, right? So kind of creating that culture and alignment was a biggest challenge. So also educating my executive leadership team on the importance of AI and advanced analytics and having an empathy of what that means has been critical. So actually I had a full training for the executive committee on a data science project. They did a three, three hour session. And so they understood what that complexity means and there is an appreciation for that. And then able to get the buying from the rest of the executive team and all the way down in the organization has been the biggest challenge. And I like that you say that at the end, right? Having the executives on board is important, essential, perhaps, right? But it's all the way through the stack, right? The sponsorship doesn't start and stop at the sea level. And in fact, I think sometimes you actually get to those frontline managers, the second, the dreaded middle management, where projects go to die, right? So what do you guys, so you have all of your executives do this training and actually sit in? What did you do to sort of mobilize some of those deeper layers of that management? Because I imagine, maybe I'm wrong, that they didn't all do three, three hour sessions of no-one's out of models. That'd be a lot of time. For sure, actually, I think the crucial first we identified, we wanted to look at the champions, no, who are all, what we wanted to create is a flywheel effect, right? And we wanted to start small. But what we wanted to identify is, we asked a simple question survey, who do you go for decision making? Who do you trust? Right? So we send the survey to the entire organization. So we collected who are the power or the champions or the network. So then we targeted them, kind of bring them on board in terms of this change that needs to happen and they are going to be the key folks driving it. And what we call them are called the data rock start. I think they are in business, embedded in the business, but I think they are very technology savvy, data savvy. And we are able to bring them on board, give them the view of co-create with them the strategy, right? In terms of what that strategic roadmap look like, have a sense of ownership and accountability. And then what we want to do is create a light house use cases, right? The thing that use cases which people want to learn from what is working, right? So we wanted to make sure start some use cases where we kind of delivered and have the implementation name packed and then kind of then mobilized through the word of mouth from cascading from leadership and through different forums. And I think it's, as I said, it's a journey and then there were a lot of failures on the way as well, and the lessons learned. So but it's been an interesting journey as I said. So tell me about one of the failures. Oh, wow. Quite a few, but I'll give you a few of them actually. One, I think what we did was I think we were over ambitious initially after the flight, after the initial use cases, we said, okay, I think we need to go on kind of solve. For two reason, one, the situation also warranted because of the pandemic, right? Because of pandemic, the ability to react quickly. If you look at digital transformation a few years back, everybody was doing it in their own pace, right? When COVID happened, everybody was like in sense of urgency, right? How do we move the speed? How do we make sure the capability of the organization is there? So we kind of partly the mistake is me as well, I have to take it because I had the vision of, okay, if we are going to have 60 use cases, we are going to across of brand building, R&D, supply chain consumer experience to post purchase, we have around 60 to 70 use cases. We looked at the strategic fit. We looked at, hey, whether the data architecture and the change management of the capability of the businesses there, we did all of that, right? And then we prioritized the use cases. But what happened was we started after the initial couple of use cases success, we went and said, okay, I think the organization is ready, we pushed for all of the teams across the board, right? Not understanding that each of the use case assets own nuances because of different business areas, the maturity of those business areas, and the interdependence between the business areas. So I think after the first year, I think we have to slow down a little bit, kind of to move fast, right? Slow down and then that's one, I would say. The second one is I think reimagining business processes, right? You can't just go and say, hey, I'm going to do AI and advanced analytics, it'll be like a lipstick on a big, sorry, I'm pun intended there because I'm coming from a pure industry. Let's forgive it. So the business has to re-imagine the process, no? It is not like you are going to go and say, hey, I'm going to automate these processes. They have to re-imagine the processes and understanding the power of AI. And I think that is the second learning lessons that we kind of looked at. And I think the third one is a sustained momentum, right? Keeping that AI and advanced analytics in the forefront all the time because the priority for the business changes all the time, right? As the leaders, we change the priority, but this is a key capabilities. And so keeping that momentum all the time is also going to be very critical. And one thing is that, obviously, this is also a shared in the lessons learned is, transformation is hard, right? There is going to be failures. And how do you perceive it and then move forward and pivot is going to be critical. And also celebrating small success along the way is critical for the motivation to reinforce the behaviors and the change that we want from the organization. Okay. So you've got come a long way. You've filled a lot of stuff. And it's exciting that you actually sort of sold and convinced through demonstrated success that this should be part of the strategic focus of the company. So what is that then? So you put all this effort now sitting here today, what are you guys working on to sort of deliver that strategy? What does that analytic strategy look like? Because it's not a list of use cases, right? As you're saying, business transforms, priorities are going to move around. So what is the focus in terms of the strategy for building it to deliver that this capability to the company? Yeah, I think there is at the three level, actually. Some obviously we continue to deliver the use cases, but the use cases is more around the business outcomes and in terms of driving growth. Now the growth has been a very important lever for us. And so that includes a new business opportunities and new channels as well as getting to new consumer segments. So that is the key in terms of marketing. In terms of personalization, we wanted to get to hyper personalization across our different experiences. And we're also exploring new channels to reach the consumers, right? So those are the focus areas on that. And then on the back-inside of things is about how do we deliver the right offers? How do we look at the demand forecasting in a much better way? Because you all know the forecasting algorithms went out of the back during the COVID because of different input into that. So that has been a continued focus of how do you improve the accuracy because we are a CPJ company in raw materials, take six months to come from China, right? And then with the supply chain disruption, Ukraine war, there are so many things that is outside the control of supply chain. So how do we look at different sourcing mechanism, the regional sourcing mechanism to do that and forecasting becomes a pretty huge aspect of it. And also driving demand shipping for the business and using the different price elasticity and dynamic pricing as being the key. And then the third aspect is around productivity and efficiency. How do you drive productive and efficiency in the organization? One of the key things is that we have grown, which is good. I think we need talent across the board. But also what happens is that creates a layer of complexity, right? And how do we simplify the business processes? How do you use AI and advanced analytics to automate those is critical. So that is number four. Number three, number four is about the data culture, right? The cultural and the culture aspect of it to keep the momentum. So we started data academy 200 years back. And we educated the entire organizations on data literacy, advanced analytics and AI. And I would say is one of my achievements of driving the entire organization to do so. And we are actually doing the second phase. What we wanted to call the Netflix of data academy, meaning that is very personalized and engaging and a lot of learnings from the first phase. And so we wanted to continue to make sure we are upskilling and rescaling the resources. If you look at the industry, data analytics is moving at much faster pace. Basically, you can ask, shout, GPT-3, all your questions. And it could do a much better answer than me. So the pace in which it moving is so tremendous. And how do we keep your organization excited to upskill and rescale is the four things that we are working on. OK. So tiny aside, I was actually one of my colleagues put a question into our Slack channel the other day about like an analogy for data. And somebody just replied like stick it in chat bot and brought out the answer. And I was like, damn, that's a good answer. So I was very impressed with that. So anyways. So I actually want to dig in on the academy, right? Because that's something that we see. We hear this from our customers. We experience it with our customers regularly. Is so many failure points in organizations come from sort of like parachuting in a handful of smart data scientists or whatever and expecting that they're going to do all the work, right? They don't know the data. They don't know the business. And that the sort of like ramp time for data scientists to really not even if they come from the beauty industry to understand your business, your products, your channels, all that sort of stuff. There's a lot of time that needs to do that. But you've got tons of people in the business who do know they know the data to some extent. They know the business. They know the problems. So how are you bringing them along? Tell us about this academy because it's something that like we hear people struggle with a lot. So I'd love to hear more about that. Yeah, I think when we decide that data analytics is going to be a strategic bill for the company, I think it's we identify there is a need for upskilling and rescaling across organization. And that means we need to make sure we provide tools and resources for the entire organization. And my CEO asks and say, hey, how do we go about that? So I have to partner with talent and culture team in terms of we don't call them HR. We call them talent and culture. And then we're looking at and saying, hey, the maturity of the organization does a different levels to your point, right? How do we democratize data and how do we make sure AI is accessible to everyone? And so with that, what we looked at is we have a we created a clear vision for the data academy in terms of providing tools and resources so that we mature in the data driven decision, more than data driven, I want to be a decision driven company, right? Faster and cheaper. And then focusing, putting AI at the center of everything else. And then we looked at and saying, hey, what are the different personas that we have within the company, different departments, different areas. And then we looked at their behavior and their needs, right? And then kind of a persona. And then second, we looked at what is critical for their success of their role? What are the outcomes that they're driving? What are the key questions that they're they need to answer, right? So those are things where you kind of identify the target groups and the needs. And then what we did is I think we need to look at the overall data curriculum. And then we had like three key principles of it needs to be across the company, right? This is a skill that everybody needs in the organization. Second, the learning should be end to end and holistic, right? Which is important for us. And third, this should be a transformation enabler, right? Now that I'm having one more learning academy, I'm what are the learning curriculum that is enabling from a transformation standpoint? And then we created kind of a curriculum focusing on five pillars in terms of from basics all the way to advanced analytics and AI. And then matching the target group, which I talked about the persona, to the learning curriculum, we created a learning journey, personalized learning journey for all of that. And then we did a survey to the entire organization, hey, which persona you meet, meet it? So we got all of them and then we know which courses they need to assign to. And then the, how do we then deliver this, right? How do you deliver this in academy? So we have a partnership with Udacity for the last two and a half years. We also have LinkedIn, which we are partnership also through which we are able to get this curriculum. And then how do we measure this is a huge investment. Where people are heads down doing the work and the Udacity is because it's an annual degrees of pretty intense. It's actually a three months project, three months course with a pretty intense project work. And so we need to give time to the organization, but also we need to measure the impact of this. It's a time and effort. And so we created a delivery and a measurement framework. The measurement framework we use while the Patrick framework, which is a general industry standard of measuring the learning impact. So it talks about from a reaction, a standpoint, learning, behavior, and results, right? We kind of created KPIs for that. We created everything in Tableau dashboard. We shared it across the organization. All managers, directors know where their employees are in the journey. And then we provide some of them, some nerds and all of that. We created a whole Facebook views for workplace at Facebook group. So we created a whole data academy where we created different EMNs and 20-21, I created an AI festival, one week of AI festival. We're bringing in thought leaders from Google, Amazon, and sharing their and creating an excitement within an organization. And then we do a lot of gamification around makeover Monday, Trusher and Thursday, data doctorate day. So kind of to excite and keep the momentum going. And then sponsorship from me in terms of leading that. So I'm personally accountable for the organization for the success of the program and working with the counterpart. And then scaling that from initial and we have a clear roadmap in terms of delivering that. And then we measure it throughout that and it has been in one of the success story, even Tableau Publishing article on that. It's been proud of more than the company was able to take that. And even though it might be a vision from me and the CEO, I think they embraced it and then able to do so was using. And also that enabled us to go and create this whole modern data stack and several things allowed us to do because the organization is skill levels have increased. So that's also for the data scientist. And what we wanted to look at, I think this is all good for the business folks, right? When you look at the data scientist, how do you measure their or in the path? We also have a technical career path from a data scientist to distinguished data scientist and they have five levels and the same for data analysts and data engineers. So I was looking, I want to subjectively measure someone is doing their skill is really good and they're making an impact to the results. So I worked with the startup called Overcaro.dei. It's one of the company from Andrew Ng, very, very, very objective, you do an assessment and I think they benchmark across the Google and Facebook data scientist and then they give you the Caps in assessment and then a training program so that you measure, continue. It has worked out really well for us. Okay. So it's fascinating, it's huge, right? Like how much you guys have done? I don't want to underscore that, right? Under, under, under, represent it, right? That's a ton that the organization has invested in to build all that. I'm really curious around sort of a couple of pieces there. So one of them, you talked about that you sent out the survey to sort of have people sort of identify what their persona was. When you did that, often we see sort of success in like cohort based learning, like having a team go through the stuff together. So would you sort of look at a team and say, okay, well, 80% of the team said that they were at level three path and so that's what we're going to have the whole team do. Did you let the individuals selected themselves? How did you guys sort of like have those, the teams go through this so that people were like at the same level? Yeah, there is two levels. One, we want the individual to take, is our own time to go through the journey. Obviously, we had a milestone to complete because there are different needs for the different parts of the organization. In second, what we also did, we have a frequent feedback from all of the learners. And then we formed a community of practice where they're able to share the learnings and work from, for example, when they read the nano degree, they had projects which they co-created along with other people. So there was a sharing and learning. We had webinars and live streaming where people are actually talking about their experiences, good and bad and the lessons learned. So that's how we did. What each learners had their own path. Okay. Interesting. And so then the second piece I was really interested in about, so is you think about the actual curriculum that you guys built. You know, sometimes there's the challenge of LND folks, the HR talent. Talent. Did they create the curriculum? Did you have, or was that all coming from Udacity and? No, no, it was actually me and plus my, we had a small team to support me on the data academy. We kind of, first of all, it is. We actually did a kind of scout the market. We went to look at how air been, did that, did that data, university. I talked to several startups which are really doing good. We also talked to some multinational company, the challenges because I don't want to recreate the wheel, right? Re-invent the wheel. So, we talked about looking at what has worked, what has not worked. And obviously I have to bell-corpify it specific to bell-corp, right? But we did a kind of a one-month research on that and then we said what are the needs for the organization. And then we created the curriculum. Then actually then we partnered with LinkedIn and Udacity and saying, hey, we want this. This is a skill gap. And then we also asked their feedback and then it was jointly created exercise. Okay. So, I think it's interesting. Because it's like, we talked about the fact that the company has invested in this is a huge investment. But this is also a massive personal investment of your own time, right? For you to take that, that shows the level of sort of importance that you put on this, is that you have the CDTTO, like 19CXOs. Now you've got a lot to do, right? So the fact that you took the time to sit down and do that, like shows like to me, how important you thought getting this right was? I think I feel that it's my job to do, right? For the end of the day, leader is to enable the teams to be successful, right? And provide the right skills and resources and remote role blocks, right? Beyond other things, like the vision and all of that, right? If the team is successful, if an employees are successful, if they feel that the organization is putting money and effort on it, I think people are going to be excited about it. So I feel that it's my part of my job to do so, right? And especially being a CEO, that's part of my job even though, thank you for all the comments. But I do feel like that's a pleasure that I get out of it, right? No, totally. I appreciate that. I love it. Well, so, like you've got people across the organization, you said, you know, that's helps you get the technology to where you need to be able to up level the technology, because it's not just building a stack for data scientists, you're building a technology stack for the whole company. And by bringing them along, you're able to sort of up level the technology and the same. So then, like, where are you headed, right? Like, where do you, like, I mean, I say this, you know, like not, not, no unnecessary flattery here, right? You guys have, like, moved really far. Like, you're ahead of the curve, I would say. So most companies in the industry and in general, most companies across all industries. So like, what's next? Where are you, where is this taking you? That's a great question. I wish I had the crystal ball. Obviously, three or four things, right? One, 2023 is going to be very challenging here for all of us, right? The macro economy climate, it's going to be challenging at least of us two quarters. And how do we see that and what the consumer change in behavior is? How this, what that means, whether it's going to be a software session or how do we are going to hot land? How do we make sure the company thrives during that is going to be critical? No? And as a leadership team, how do we drive the growth and to optimize things and be efficient? Is the number of focus that we are looking at, right? And second, critical aspect of it is as much as we are progressing on the predictive and prescriptive, there is also the mastering the fundamentals we continue to do so, right? The data explosion is happening. We are building new platforms or we are procuring new software as a service. And the data is coming in. So how do we make sure the data platform is scalable across the board? As we also scale, we have like hundreds of algorithms. So how do we make sure the algorithms are running? And I only have 60 data scientists, right? So how do we look to scale? So that means operationally the algorithm needs to work effectively. So how do we look to that? It is measuring the KPI's, you know? So operational efficiencies is very important. And how do we invest in the mastering the fundamentals is even critical from the standpoint. And then we are focusing on data quality, right? Data quality has been very subjective across organization. And how do we make sure that we continue to work through? So we are focused on the data contracts in terms of getting that, improving the data quality across the board. And then the democratization of AI, right? And we are proud to say we are one of your customers of one of the early customers I would say probably it's been a year and a half and we started initially with using for our R&D teams on providing the data EQ from predictive capabilities. We even create a web apps on top of that. It's like a portal for them. Now we are exposing that to the rest of the business teams. So I think the team from data EQ went to Peru, I think 200 months back. And then this is all business doing the use cases. And they did 80 use cases in I think a couple of days. It's amazing to see that it's not the technology team doing it or the data science doing. It's actually coming from the business. So I'm happy about that. So we will continue to kind of provide the business tools and the opportunity to do so because the idea comes from the business and the team, not from the leadership. So it's important to enable them. And then the last one is how do you, as we hire the teams and how do we keep the culture going? How do we continue to learn? It's going to be critical. So the focus is on that as well. And then we do have some issues that we need to fix all the platforms we rolled up this year and then things are kind of making it operational efficiency is that continue to be the team for next year. And we are moving into more on the conversational AI piece. We do have that in terms of rolled out in few platforms. And we wanted to take you to the next level because if you look at the consumer moving across different channels, you want that to be very natural for them. I think the technology is at an inflection point and we want to make that experience much for easier for her. I always see that you have to give the time back to the consumer. Obviously, we want the consumer to engage with us in our platforms. But everybody is busy. How do you make sure the right product, right or sort might be so the right price and they're able to buy from us. So moving into more doubling down on the conversational AI, if you have to say. That's a lot. I think it's funny because in some ways it's more the same. Right? More people to do use cases, investing in good data and making sure that the new data that's coming in is still good. And so most of it is the stuff you're already doing. It's just continuing to scale it. Right? We have to continue to enhance it or improve that. For sure. I think that these are all, it's not that we are not going to throw away everything else at what we have done. So continue to improve and see. And obviously we have to also react to how the market is reacting, how the consumers are reacting. So all I'm saying might change in next three to four months. Right? So the whole point is that the ability to adapt and ability to be resilient is going to be the key. Because in the last three years, what we have seen, I think this decade is going to be little different. Right? Sure. Because there is no predictability. I'm saying I'm talking about predictability. Yeah. So it's very uncertain. Sure. It's a lot of volatility. A lot of volatility. Right. And see as well as the adaptability, individually as a leadership as a team across the board is going to be critical. Okay. I love it. Well, so coming up here at the end of the day. So let me, you get the, the, the, the, the, we really just parts of sitting in. What are your final words of wisdom and you get to close this out here for the day? What's, what do you want everybody to take away from this? When they go back home, they go back to their office tomorrow and they go like, holy shit, those guys at Bell Corp. Some really cool stuff. Where do I start? What do they start? Coming in to repeat the question in the last part. So you packed so much fair enough. Sorry. Too much question. Where do they start? Someone who heard what you talked about here today that's where you were three years ago. Yeah. Where do they start when they go back home tomorrow? I think first I would say I think we are blessed to be in data analytics field. Right? It's this is the most vibrant, innovative field. Even though I have my technology, there are so many domains that I look at. But I think this is a more exciting field. I think first, I think we need to be blessed about that. Because innovation is happening in this space. And second, I think it's a very level playing field compared to eight years or five years back. I think we have more tools and resources and the community itself in general. I think it's very accessible. Right? I think I would say that you have support. Right? Because when we start something that we don't know where we end, I think we want to make sure there is an ecosystem support. We want to make sure the technology is there for us. I think that's two critical points. I think as I said, the transformation is going to be hard and complex. Right? It's not going to be easy. And I think it's important to make sure learn the failures along the way. Right? Have some quick wins which can translate into the flywheel effect that we can continue to look at. And be a stone on the vision, but be flexible on the details. Right? Okay. If you are going to be data driven AI field enterprise, I think that's the vision. No, but the flexible on details because there are things going to change. And I think higher smart people, obviously, with 12 and full we have and empower them. I think there are so many ideas that you will see that when you have very excited and very energized and motivated team. And I've learned a lot in this last two and a half years. So I think it's, I wish I'm blessed and it's a very humbling experience for me. And as I said, we are running in Spring. We're still in a marathon so long way to go. But I think it's going to be exciting journey. Right? All right. A huge round of applause for Venkat. Thank you so much for coming and sharing. We really appreciate you. I'm sorry. Awesome. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you.