 Sourcing the right data for your projects can sometimes be a frustrating and time-consuming task. A dedicated data catalog makes it easier to publish, share, and discover high-quality data sets to incorporate into your data-acoup projects. For example, teams can create data collections to centralize and organize key data sets by use case, team, or any other grouping. Collection owners add users or groups to a data collection and assign them roles to ensure the appropriate controls are in place. Owners and contributors can add data sets to the collection by simply selecting a project and the desired data set. Alternatively, when working in a specific project, they can use the publish menu to add data sets to a data collection. Going back to the collection itself, in the right-hand panel of each data set, easily review details such as table size, creation and last modification date, the schema, and lineage information. Notice the data steward field in the details section. This is a new feature that allows teams to assign a point person or data steward to individual data sets, so others in the organization have a single point of contact for questions and issues. For more context, view how this table is used in the context of its project flow and which data sets or models are related to or dependent upon it. If the data set has been enabled for quick sharing, using it in your own flow is as simple as clicking the use button and selecting your target project. Note that data collections are just one aspect of the new data catalog. For instance, in data sets and index tables, it's easy to discover existing data sets and indexed external tables across your entire data IQ instance, regardless of whether or not they've been added to a data collection. Use the search bar or the series of filters to refine your exploration process and explore all the same details we examined before in the right-hand panel for each data set. Finally, let's visit the connections explorer. You may recognize this from the original data IQ catalog. It's just been moved to a new home. Here, you can browse all the tables in your established data connections. We'll select which connection to browse and restrict to a database or schema if desired. And from here, we can explore the tables available to us, even previewing the table to get a better feel for the contents. To use tables in your own project, simply select them and choose import tables. You might be wondering what happened to all the other data IQ artifacts you used to find in the catalog. Don't worry, they're still available to you in the search DSS items application menu. This familiar interface indexes not only data sets, but also recipes, wiki articles, dashboards, discussions, web apps, and many more artifacts. Filter by project, tag, contributor, and more. Try out the new data catalog today and let us know what you think in the data IQ community. Thanks for watching!