 In 2013, DataIQ was founded with a clear vision, build the unified platform to allow people with a diverse range of skills to work together across the entire Lifecycle of Analytics or Data Science project so that AI can become an everyday reality within their enterprise. The result was the DataIQ platform for everyday AI. Sitting on top of our customers' data environments and connecting to their preferred AI services, DataIQ creates a collaborative workspace for the employees, all while leadership and IT maintain security and freedom of choice to move among technology providers as needed. The platform has four key characteristics. It is in-to-end, covering the full Lifecycle of Data and AI projects. It is designed to be easily used by the entire enterprise, bringing together coders and clickers as well as data and domain experts. It is built on a modular architecture that decouples the insights and models from the underlying data, allowing organizations to future-proof their stacks. And finally, it provides a strong governance framework, allowing oversight for both compliance and business alignment. DataIQ goes to market with three distinct offers built on this common platform. DataIQ for Data Analytics accelerate how analytics are produced in your organization. DataIQ for AI and machine learning, accelerating the development and deployment of predictive models. And DataIQ for Enterprise AI, allowing AI to be embedded throughout the enterprise, including generative AI. This approach has been met with incredible success. DataIQ now has more than 1000 employees around the world and, in 2023, was named the AI ML partner of the year for AWS, Databricks, and Snowflake. DataIQ has more than 600 customers, including more than 10% of the Forbes Global 2000 list, and counts more than a quarter of a billion dollars in annual recurring revenue. Those customers are DataIQ's greatest assets and are best storytellers, so let's hear from them. We were flatter with the data IQ capabilities, especially the decoupling that it brings. DataIQ kind of hit many of that checkpoints from data preparation, the quick to data prep, without involving many of the IT personnel to actually bring that data in. DataIQ is a very important, if not the backbone of this data mesh infrastructure. It's very much a win-win for both the business users and technology because you basically have your data ops, dev ops, and ML ops all working together in the same environment. Finding data, prepping data for analytical consumption, visual consumption, predictive modeling, descriptive modeling. We don't want multiple platforms for each. And if we can have crossover, that'll be great for us. And DataIQ sort of has been able to provide us that. DataIQ is really leveraging the security mechanisms behind, so we could actually convince InfoSec and security architecture people to have one platform that is really helping with security aspects. You know, I've got great people at DataIQ making YouTube videos for me to show me how to click around on the screen and do something that would it take me hours to figure out. That's the part that's really, really valuable about it. DataIQ has been a wonderful platform to process effectively that work and manage direct collaboration between Visualized Teams. DataIQ has been a breath of fresh air from ease of implementation, ease of usability, and ease of understandability.