 Music Understanding how machine learning models arrive at their predictions can be challenging, especially when trying to interpret and compare different types of algorithms, each with its own unique internal mechanisms. In this project, we're predicting the resale price of used cars. Let's dive into our active model to take a closer look at the results and explainability section. To increase model explainability, DataIQ's built-in visualizations for feature importance help you measure the impact individual inputs have on model predictions. As before, you may use algorithm specific explanations, such as this chart, which uses the Genie impurity method to understand relative variable importance and tree-based models. Additionally, three Shapley-based feature importance charts deliver new insights about global relationships between inputs and outputs. Notably, these visualizations are available for all algorithm types, not just tree-based models. Let's investigate some of the most important features in this project. This absolute feature importance chart shows us how strongly each feature impacts the model's prediction. We see transmission has the strongest influence. Let's dig into it first. The feature effects plot displays a sample of Shapley values for each feature, along with the relative direction of its influence on the prediction. As we can see from the gray color, transmission is a categorical feature, and there are clearly two clusters of Shapley values, one which influences a high-predicted resale price, and the other which has a negative impact on resale price. By hovering over the values, we can see that it's automatic transmissions, which lead to high resale price predictions, and manual transmissions, which have the opposite impact. Let's use the next chart, feature dependence, to go a level deeper. Here, we see the distribution of Shapley values across the different values of a feature. Since transmission type is binary, we see two classes, manual and automatic, and we can even more clearly draw the conclusion that automatic transmission is more strongly tied to a high resale value than manual transmission is. If we choose a different categorical variable that has more classes, like number of seats, this chart helps us discover interesting insights. For example, five seats in the vehicle has a neutral but slightly negative impact to resale price, but when a car has seven seats, the number of seats has a strong positive influence on the price prediction. Going back up to the top, let's examine the impact of a numerical feature instead. For this model, the age of the car is another of the most important features. As we can see in the feature effects plot, according to this scale, high values on this attribute, which are shown in pink, positively impact resale price, and the opposite is true for low values, shown in blue. This makes sense because the higher the year of the car, the newer it is, and the higher the resale value of the car. Note, however, that the color and directionality show the inverse relationship when we look at kilometers driven. In this case, the higher the mileage, the lower the resale price, and cars with lower kilometers driven can command a higher price. Again, makes sense. Moving down to feature dependence, let's inspect kilometers driven further. This scatter plot shows us that there is an inflection point at about 40 to 50,000 kilometers driven, at which point the influence of this feature on predicted price shifts from positive to negative. Since these three sharply-based visualizations are model agnostic, they can even be applied to models developed outside of DataIQ's visual ML framework. As a reminder, to further inspect the marginal impact of a feature's contributions, you can also check out the partial dependence plot to see how the models dependence on a feature varies across its range of values and the distribution of those values in your data. Examine and measure the impact that features have on predictions, and try out these explainability aids in your own projects. Happy modeling!