 The process optimization is a must for any company aiming at cost control and improved efficiency. And during uncertain economic times, the need for streamlined processes is more pressing than ever. Although the digitalization of processes has opened the door to many opportunities for operational efficiency, it's also brought new challenges to businesses. Massive amounts of processed data ready to be mined, but no accessible way to begin. Efforts to generate process maps from logs, but no dynamic filtering capabilities. Or investment in point solutions for process mining that are expensive, complex, and difficult to extend. To ease these pains, DataIQ offers a plug-and-play process mining toolkit to turn your digital process logs into actionable insights. Whether your logs are related to application or claims processing, manufacturing or supply chain, hiring and other HR processes, customer service, support tickets, purchase to pay, or any number of other use cases, DataIQ's pre-packaged business solution enables you to answer questions like, are day-to-day processes actually following the workflow that was originally planned? Where are the bottlenecks in my current process? And how much time does each process' disruption cost us? And what percentage of cases don't follow the prescribed process? And is this number changing over time? Let's see how the process mining solution works, using an example of logs for loan applications. Simply upload the logs into the pre-built application, and in a few steps, DataIQ's interactive process miner allows you to visualize and explore your existing processes to discover meaningful patterns and find anomalies. Filter your workflow to isolate the particular logs and steps you want to analyze, and to remove noise and low information steps. Now, if we zoom in on the beginning of the loan application process, we can see that more than 35% of inbound leads undergo a manual form-fixed step before the application can continue on to pre-accepted. If we toggle to view by time instead of frequency, we can see that this extra step adds more than 5.5 hours to this initial submission stage, which otherwise only takes about 40 seconds. We can see the same sort of bottleneck occurring further down the process workflow, when calling to obtain missing information, costs more than two days in delays, and potentially creates a less positive customer experience. These insights allow us to pinpoint opportunities to work with the responsible parties to identify how the process might be improved. From these aggregated views, drill down all the way to individual cases. These role-level traces are especially helpful for investigating and explaining patterns using real-world examples. You can even monitor process adherence using powerful conformance tracking. After identifying a reference process you want to shift away from or towards, a conformance score is automatically generated. So you can understand what percentage of cases don't follow your prescribed process and track whether this number is changing over time. Use the Package Project as is or customize any part to meet your specific needs. And by combining process mining with additional analytical techniques and projects in Data Icoo, you can solve bigger business problems than you ever could with point solutions. And don't forget to check out our full portfolio of other Off the Shelf Solutions on the Data Icoo website. Thanks for watching!