 [♪ Music playing... Whether you're brand new to DataIQ, or a long-time power user, you'll probably agree that there's always something new to discover and learn about the product. The Help Center is an excellent place to start, and even better, it's built into every single page. Let's click on this question mark icon and have a look. Search for specific keywords to bring up results from DataIQ's knowledge base, online community forums, official documentation, academy courses, and more. Use the filter button to narrow your search to only one of these sources. Dynamic recommendations are another shortcut to the most relevant information that could be useful for you in that moment. recommendations are personalized for you, and will change depending on the context of the specific page you're on, the DataIQ version you're using, and even details like what industry you're in, if available. For instance, because we're on the flow right now, we see recommendations about visual and code recipes. If we enter into a prepare recipe, we can see how the recommendations changed to reflect the context of what's on the screen. Or if we choose a page more oriented towards coding, we see that the recommendations now are focused on code notebooks and the developer course. For specific technical questions, the Help Center provides shortcuts to community discussions, reference documentation, and the new developer guide. If you're a coder and haven't seen the developer guide yet, you're going to love it. It contains the DataIQ API reference documentation, sample code, tutorials, and a catalog of examples, showcasing how to programmatically manipulate the different parts of DataIQ. Going back to the Help Center, if you haven't found a solution to your problem, we've also included a shortcut to the form to raise a support ticket. The Get Help menu also displays the top contributors for each project, so you know who to reach out to for additional context if needed. To accelerate your work and help you go further, explore the catalogs of pre-built solutions and use case templates, as well as browse hundreds of open source plugins for specific tasks you can do in DataIQ. Open the Understand Why DataIQ menu to learn more about DataIQ's value proposition or watch an overview demo. You can read customer stories or explore the use cases of our DataIQ Front Runner customer reward winners. Get even more inspiration by checking out the robust gallery of sample projects and use case specific tutorials or by watching a webinar on a specific topic of interest. The Discover and Learn section points you to learning paths and free online courses which you can take to upskill and get certified. And finally, we want to hear from you. We love to hear your feedback and suggestions for improvement, so we've even included a handy shortcut to the product ideas board in the DataIQ community. In this menu, you can also join DataIQ's User Research Program or rate your satisfaction with our platform in real time. Think of the DataIQ Help Center as the wise birdie perched on your shoulder. Always ready to help guide you on your journey to everyday AI. Enjoy!