 If you are a finance leader, you may feel like your team never has enough time. From tracking down business data that's growing every second, to manual data workflows that require a high touch from analysts to be reporting ready, it's no wonder finance teams feel overwhelmed by everything that has to get done and by yesterday, by the way. So that leaves your team drowning in data, processes and analyses. What if you could let them come up for air? DataIQU is an analytics and AI platform that enables your team to build reporting pipelines and financial models. It empowers your finance team to deliver valuable business insights faster and more accurately, all while making your standard reporting processes more robust, agile and explainable. Let's explore how dataIQU can help through a scenario that might sound familiar. A business executive has appointed question about a report. The analyst to answer the similar request before has left, so your team is forced to repeat efforts in hours of tedious work, combing through files and running VLOOKUP functions and spreadsheets. Now, let's imagine the analysis from the employee that left was done in dataIQU instead. You can easily search for past work through the catalog, even if the work was done by another team member. When creating a new project, you can quickly connect to all the data you need, from Oracle, to SAP, to business data sources like Salesforce. And once you're connected, you can maintain that connection. That is, no more hours submitting tickets and messaging business SMEs to track down the data you need. If you have multiple people working on the same project, it's easy to collaborate. Preserve project knowledge and decisions with project wikis and monitor activities with the built-in tracker, so you can easily see who has done what, no mysteries. You can duplicate an old project or copy elements you want to carry over into your new analysis. A visual flow shows you everything that's occurred to the data so that you can easily backtrack work. Built-in controls help you reduce operational risk, from documentation available at the click of a button, to audit trails, to moving into a central workbench for analytics to reduce EUC risk. As you can see, when exploring data, data IPU features visual cues that allow you to quickly identify data quality issues, such as missing values or outliers. And visual charting and statistics allow you to easily explore relationships. Data IPU's visual recipes make it quick and easy for finance teams to join and group data sets, or aggregate, clean, normalize, enrich, and deduplicate records, all with a few clicks. Your team can instantly preview proposed changes, and then when ready, apply them to data sets with even millions of lines of data with ease. No more spreadsheet limitations. Let's say you have a recurring analysis, such as this PNL forecast. Today, this requires lots of manual tweaks in Excel before it's ready for reporting. With data IPU, you can automate and schedule it all, including data polls, transformations, and even updating dashboards for stakeholders. And when it comes to sharing reports with stakeholders, data IPU allows you to build custom charts, dashboards, web applications, and more. Or you can also connect with your preferred BI tool, like Tableau or Power BI. Data IPU is not just an analytics platform, but has visual tools for machine learning, so you can upskill your team to go further with AI and advanced analytics. In AutoML, your team can build predictive and forecasting models with no code needed. As you can see, data IPU can help your team improve their day to day, so that you can focus on more strategic work, not to mention keep your business stakeholders happy. Don't take R word for it. Customers like Standard Chartered Bank were able to reduce FPNA process time by 30X, enabling two full-time employees to do the work of 70 previously. To learn more, get in touch with us on our website today. And thanks for watching.