 Managing oversight and governance in MLOPS can be challenging, especially for large organizations with multiple platforms. SILOAD platforms can lead to inefficiencies and difficulties in maintaining standardized governance. DataIQ is now created the solution to this issue by centralizing your MLOPS oversight with unified monitoring. Expanding on external model support and deploy anywhere capabilities, unified monitoring serves as a watch tower for your production-alized models regardless of whether they are in DataIQ or your cloud AI platform of choice. In the DataIQ deployer, you'll find the unified monitoring dashboard, which is comprised of three distinct screens, overview, DataIQ projects, and API endpoints. The overview screen displays global status updates for both DataIQ projects for batch scoring and API endpoints for real-time use cases. It also shows the count of our API endpoints used across various infrastructures, such as DataIQ, Azure ML, AWS SageMaker, and Googlevertex AI, easily seeing how many active deployments we have in each platform. This screen ultimately serves as a triage board, highlighting deployments with errors and warnings, allowing IT operators and ML engineers to swiftly identify and resolve issues. For a more in-depth view, we can click on each object to access deployment details. Taking it a step further, let's focus on batch DataIQ projects. Each row represents a project in production in our DataIQ automation node, and each project features four critical statuses. Global, deployment, model, and execution. These indicators provide a quick overview of potential issues. For instance, if the model status shows a warning, an ML engineer can directly examine the model evaluation. Similarly, if the execution status presents a problem, an operator can swiftly access the project's automation scenario and remedy the error. Unified monitoring also allows us to filter or sort by specific statuses, allowing ML ops owners to pinpoint concerns in their locations at a glance. The third screen displays all API endpoints in deployment, and each row represents an individual endpoint from either the DataIQ API node or a cloud-based ML platform. Beyond the statuses seen in the project screen, we can also gauge response time, volume, and activity of our endpoints. These crucial insights enable us to instantly assess API health, performance, and reliability, allowing teams to proactively address issues and optimize resource allocation for real-time use cases leading to enhance the user experiences. Finally, admins can select which project and API infrastructures to monitor with access to comprehensive logs for troubleshooting. The most remarkable feature in the settings is the introduction of monitoring scopes, enabling status details of remote cloud API deployments to integrate with DataIQ's unified monitoring dashboards, even without explicit inclusion in a DataIQ project. So this means exactly what you think it means. Unified monitoring serves as a 360-degree central hub for ML ops operators, providing a cohesive view of deployment health across all ML platforms, projects, and endpoints. With unified monitoring and DataIQ, enable your teams to concentrate on efficiency while maintaining complete oversight. Utilize deployment statuses and details to comprehend the performance of your endpoints in projects, while the rest of your teams focus on continuous AI innovation. Thanks for watching!