 Hello everyone, thanks a lot for attending our data cycle webinar today that will be focusing on ESG. So the topic of this session today is more specifically on how to accelerate ESG embedding in organization. Your speakers today are myself. I'm Ansof J. Ruster. I am Sales Director, FSI at DataEikool. And Vincent Dispecklin is joining me today. He's our VP Data Science and Customer Success across the APJ region of the Thai Cooper. DataEikool in a nutshell is a workbench for everyday AI, meaning that we enable business and technical teams to work together to produce optimal business results. The agenda for today is going to be in the first part focusing on defining ESG and how it's becoming the new must-do for especially in FSI. What are the challenges related to that and how you go from something that was more a promise to actually affect and how it's now more and more embedded in processes, offering et cetera of FSI company. And then we'll look at different use cases of our customers on how they have been able to accelerate on ESG with dataEikool and what more broadly is we have experienced with customers on this particular topics and Vincent will take you through a couple of these cases. So let's start with defining ESG and how it's becoming the new must-do for all financial institutions. ESG has really gotten over the year from a very niche offering in companies to something that needs to be more and more embedded in processes in the strategy in the overall off offering of finance. And this means concretely that those companies go from purely financial driven decision making to the integration of extra financial risks. Now this extra financial risks are threefolded obviously environment, so anything around climate change, resource depletion, waste pollution, social aspect, so working condition, employee relations, diversity, health, safety, local community. And then we'll look at the other companies and governance, bribery, corruption, board, diversity, structure, tax strategy, all of that. This goes really, this discovers the entire spectrum of FSI companies, so that means for instance, if you look at asset management, it means having a more ESG approach to managing money, managing assets, it means in the banking sector for instance, and then having on climate risks, it means for insurance company offering ESG integrated products, so it really covers a lot of different areas basically. And there is currently and has been in the past five to 10 years, increasing push, coming firstly from the customers, the shareholders, the investors. Who expect financial services to provide them with ESG integrated products, with embedding ESG in their strategy, in their operations, and ultimately having an understanding of where their money is going and having an ESG components attached to that. So that's more and more the requirements from customers and from investors, but with that comes obviously regulatory expectations, and more and more and EU is kind of at the forefront of that, but more and more we see regulatory instances having expectations and embedding new regulations around ESG. We can go to the next slide. So ESG as a result is now the core of the FSI transformation agenda. If we look at FSI, at financial services in the past since 2008, the three key tendencies are on one side reinforcement of risk management and regulatory requirements. There has been an increasing number of regulations of risk management requirement since 2008. But at the same time, we're also shifting from a product focus approach to a customer centric approach. The customer's simplicity becomes an increasing expectations from the market. And at the same time, there is a strong need to constantly innovate to adapt your offering to keep with this constantly evolving market. And this innovation, this need for agility is sometimes almost contradictory with risk management and regulatory frameworks. And last bit is on reducing costs. There is a big scrutiny around budget around cross reduction these days in banks and insurance companies. So you have to basically find a balance between these three different key requirements that are three priorities in FSI in general. And interestingly, ESG is part of all these elements. First of all, ESG is about regulatory changes. So I mentioned this already and there is more and more regulations that are, you know, expecting climate related to risk disclosures, responsible investment, apron, ASIC in Australia, have. Have formulated those expectations. It's not yet implemented as a mandatory regulation, but expectations are that from 2024 onwards, it will be there are organization like task force on climate related financial disclosures that is. And worldwide and in Australia, it's a voluntary organization, so you can adhere to it as a company. In Australia, we see more and more companies that that voluntarily are part of that. Disclose, disclose climate related reports. So that's on the first bit. It's also about risk management and about we can click again on the thank you. And it's about the integration of extra financial criteria across all financial processes. So customer scoring, issue scoring corporate governance, all these things are now taken into account and embedded in companies. And then some customer centrity, ESG is also key because as I was explaining before, it is now an expectation of customers of investors of shareholders to have impact oriented comprehensive client, client advisory and services and to have. The the the FSI companies basically integrate ESG into their strategies and into their operations. It's also about innovation. This is related to to to to to to customers and tricity, but it's about development of new product, green bonds transition bond, social bonds, et cetera, processes. So advisory across advisory products, reporting, et cetera. So it's about the ability to build and and offering that is differentiating through unique ESG signals and models. Finally, on lowering costs of ESG innovations, it's about successfully upskilling existing professionals, lowering costs of external data, et cetera. So what I mean with that is, as companies, ESG is still very expensive to implement today. So companies have to think about it in a way, you know, asking themselves, how do I do it? Do I upskill my existing analytics team? Do I hire a new bunch of specialists that are only focused on ESG? How much data external data do I need to purchase? How, you know, how big volumes of of additional data do I need to actually implement ESG? How do I embed it in all my processes? This is extremely costly. And what we're looking at at the title is how basically and it's critical for companies today to lower the costs of ESG innovation because it's extremely expensive still. One last word on agility on this slide. It is key to have agility and stay agile in this environment. There are a couple of baselyses in ENG, but it's still a world that's building itself. And it has very shifting grounds. It changes all the time. It has no consistent and unifying framework. So as companies build the capabilities to embed ESG in processes and make ESG driven decisions, they also need to keep this agility and to be able to change over time. So we can go to the next slides. So this is basically what we'll be looking at today was Vincent and I let Vincent speak. We'll be looking here on the on the on the on the right. You can see a couple of logos of companies in FSI that we're working with worldwide. With many of these companies, we have ESG use cases in place. Vincent will mention a couple of them. And it really goes across retail banking, investment banking, insurance asset management, et cetera. So thanks. I'll let Vincent go more in the details on that. So we're going to be looking at how those challenges around ESG, how those ultimately transformation targets work in practice. So what does an ESG framework look like when you're trying to embed that in an FSI organization? It really sort of follows the standard, I would say analytics framework and life cycle and from data sources, obviously, down into taking action and in this case, complying with a set of targets or regulations. Now there are some specificities obviously with ESG and we're going to go through some of those steps. Data ESG is very often a combination of internal data sources on investment very calls, for instance, but also a very strong focus on external data and providers that have specialized in providing scores, benchmarks, emissions data, for instance, to be able to enrich the understanding that we have. Of ESG topics across the organization, inclusion of external data is notoriously complicated because it means that there is in this second step, a notion of integration, blending, reconciliation and resolution of entities that is that can be quite significant making sense of, you know, external third party data provider means that we have to reconcile a data. So that is the solution style adapt and transform it so that it fits our own, you know, hierarchy and sort of entities and the way we've structured our data models internal so that integration is key. And a first step a foundation to then building the necessary use cases. And second step or third step I guess here is really a holistic view to establish foundations for our ESG initiatives, which typically will mean what's our methodology, how do we, you know, proceed generally speaking in terms of our operating model around ESG. And then this is one of our core analytics, what are we going to build and use as our analytics framework to be able to work on ESG topics. And perhaps more importantly, what's our baseline, where are we currently, regardless of use case, where are we today, that is the only way we can then measure improvement. So what is our target, are we targeting, for instance, net zero in 20, 30 years. And what's the cadence that we will review our progress, our actual with regards to our target. So that's really a company wide generally top down approach to establishing the core modalities of our ESG transformation. And then we're going to go into action or I guess we could define it as use cases right where and how do we apply ESG into our operating model. And we talked about some of that for new product development, some better scoring and reporting. Some of those initiatives are listed here, some of the ones that we see perhaps more often. So things like now ESG based credits, scoring, investment optimization, customer storing, customer scoring, sorry, a climate risk insurance. All of those are core areas where we see ESG playing a very, very large role. And ultimately, this is up to every FSI organization to prioritize and then take action on each of those topics. Once we've delivered solutions around those use cases, it's really about a continuous loop of monitoring, reporting and compliance, as well as of course back feeding that entire life cycle into OK, I've delivered V1 of an ESG investment optimization solution. How does that work? How does it help me track towards my target and then going back to OK, what new data could I improve? How do I integrate how do I enhance my investment optimization solution and then continue to deliver all of those of course have interdependencies and it's important to build with a long term view and not build any of those in a very silo manner. Now the challenges that we very often see and I think we've talked about that a little bit, but this really notion of foundations, right, as I said, you can't build those use cases on an ad hoc manner. There's a lot of reuse in terms of, for instance, the data sources that you may use for some of those different use cases of the integration framework of linking data together from external providers and internal data sources. So what we would typically call entity resolution needs to be a holistic approach and not a one shot. OK, this means this. And then the ability to really iterate quickly and in true consistency across the entire pipeline, those are foundations because they are independent of the use case, but there are capabilities that you will need in order to enhance and reduce the cost, as we've said, of ESG transformation. The second is scalability and scalability needs to be thought of beforehand as you establish an ESG roadmap and take into account the most simple to most complex use case that you would want to do and have what is the common denominator that helps you do not one to the 1015 or 100 ESG use cases in a year. It needs a degree of integration across information. It needs to have a folk on that banks insurance having a positioning that which is very strong on, you know, ESG compliant or future proof investments. That is something that directly impacts the business and justifies the initiative in a very facilitated manner. And then answering the stakeholder, stakeholder needs needs. About that in a bit more detail, it's a sport, ESG requires involvement of many friend personas across the organization. It needs to be able to answer our stakeholders needs from portfolio managers to compliance in regulation to responsible investment teams. So it needs to be a collaborative effort on what are the solutions that we build and how does it answer our needs. And then the last piece which I think applies very broadly and not only to ESG is really this notion of balancing agility and auditability. Right, you want to go fast, but you also want to build future proof assets and especially within that realm of collaboration. You need to have and to speak a common language between let's say the builders or the people, for instance, inside of a responsible investment team and the users or the beneficiaries, which can be a portfolio management. If they don't understand the scores or the way that things have been benchmarked from an ESG perspective, then adoption will be low and there will be a disconnect inside of the organization. So on end to end auditability, being able to evolve rapidly because, as I said before, things are not set in stone right now, the world, the key, so your ability to evolve and adapt to new standards, new regulations is critical. This impact not only ESG impact standpoint, which is a key use case, but also in terms of how does it does all of this impact your organization, are you doing it because you want to be compliant with regulation sure everyone does there is a high cost if you don't do it, but how do we measure the top line bottom line and reputation risk that is associated to good or bad ESG processes is something that's typically not done, but actually critical today. So just a quick focus as well on some of those challenges we've talked about it at a high level, but there are also challenges when it comes to cracking the methodology because there is no one size fits all approach right and if, for instance, we look at ESG for investments inside of the family of investments, there are different complexities that apply to different types of assets. So you've got here a high level representation of what does ESG scoring look like from a complexity perspective based on the type of asset and some of the challenges we see there. How do you manage hedging in a context of climate risk, right, so if you've got assets that are exposed to this kind of risk, how do you manage this kind of complexity. How do you manage controversy information in overall scoring right so reputation risk controversy risk those are unstructured data by nature that have a very subjective aspect to them, so how do you integrate that into investment scoring. So you know, and once you start blending obviously asset classes in investment portfolios, then that can become a bit of a headache so you know things that need to be taken into account before there's no silver bullet at least not today when it comes to how you manage that. So once again, we come back to this argument of flexibility and auditability so you're able to first quickly iterate if things need to be changed, but also be able to justify the entire thought process and scoring mechanism so that it can be understood possibly challenge that improve over time. So what does that mean in practice and where do we come in with data. First are you know to solve some of those challenges, I guess what we've learned from the field and what we would typically consider best practices. And it's all about your analytics methodology and framework. Ultimately ESG is about analytics. If you have the right blend of skills processes platforms and data and you're already well positioned from an analytics innovation perspective, then there is a better chance for you to add ESG as a layer and an analytics initiative ultimately and then reuse every experience framework that you have internal. So having the right analytics initiatives and frameworks in place are a huge help to collaboration I've said it before. It needs to bridge the gap between ESG experts responsible investment sustainable investment teams data experts business process owners in order to avoid disconnect and to really make sure we're going from data to impact to actions in ways that is aligned. Three, no right answer no silver bullet we need to quickly adjust and so if you talk about all the evolving regulations around this. It is a sector that is growing that is changing rapidly so Evalutivity adaptability are key. And for governance auditability are a must and they typically integrate with your regulatory ready. So from a data I could platform perspective. We've said it very briefly but essentially data I could work bench right so platform it's not specifically in ESG platform but is specifically an analytics and AI acceleration platform, which means that from a project lifecycle perspective, you will be able to implement in a platform like data I could the right. So I could use this life cycle from data acquisition internal external to blending those data sources to building business rules and machine learning enabled applications and then to push out the right visualizations insights reports and data sets or scores inside of your organization. So some of the core capabilities of the tool are really around this end to end lifecycle and around acceleration quick prototyping enhancing processes through machine learning as we'll see is quite important in the context of ESG and also operationalization right so. So I'll switch back all of the things that you've built with their data sets weather insights weather scores themselves back into the processes of the organizations. So this is a bit of more detail view i'm not going to go in too much detail here but really it's about. So I said first so where does data coming once you've got data from ESG vendors being able to blend all of this and showing controls when you do that sort of entity resolution making sure it's robust and making sure your data blending data transformation is scalable. So adding the business rules and the machine learning models to make sure that you have the right scores in your essentially addressing the ESG use cases and then from your golden golden copy of your ESG base being able to fork out. So actually, well actionable insights right so modeling decision tools, mostly an example of that reports and then embedding. So a couple of examples of so apologies haven't then need to be anonymized for confidentiality reasons but i'll try to say as much as I can hear so the first example is use case that we did with kairos which you may be familiar with. So they've done very very interesting so they're a data provider around energy companies, for instance right so critical piece of the ecosystem when it comes to ESG. So this is an example of integrating methane emissions alternative data into an ESD strategy I won't go into detail but methane emissions are largely under reported and you know we've talked about accuracy of ESG reports so this is typically a key point of you know how do we include external data to make sure that we're improving the accuracy of our. ESG ventricks so what happened with this customer was from an external data perspective we've got kairos that's giving us code 12334 and methane emissions and especially for energy companies. So we've got methane emissions then we've got carbon for for energy companies for scope 123 of the HD we've got controversies data from sustain analytics and we've got Morningstar for historical prices. Typical project in the data I grew platform looks like what you have. Here in the middle which is essentially a data processing workflow right with you know joins entity resolution across the different data sources creating of this golden copy and then we use machine learning based techniques to optimize bar. And I'm. And across the chain we've got the audit ability through things like data blending visualization and we've created also what you can see at the top and application for non coders less technical users or portfolio management. So we've got the core for the manager sorry to be able to you know slice and dice rerun do what if analysis on this core foundational project. And then we've got the data that we've got here the type of example of integrating data creating insights as we go along using machine learning in order to create scores but of very importantly this notion of exposing the insights either through dashboards right and comparison of data strategies based index and being able to give self service analytics what if simulation capability is to use. And then we've got the first case that we've done with which we've actually turned into a what we call a business solution right so it's ready made data ecosystem that you can use and then you know just implement with your own data very easily so an accelerator for ESG which is interactive document intelligence so unstructured data is a key piece of you know being able to flag. And to identify topics and sentiment for various organizations across ESG topics and so the way we've built this was obviously based on a on a customer project that that we did and really encompasses both the pre processing of documents so you know typically PDFs or word or text documents. And topic modeling right so extracting for instance you can see things around consumer protection community and then window extraction and sentiment analysis right so on each of those topics inside of the document will be able to understand hey this document or press release or financial report on company why talks about consumer protection with a very positive sentiment right or talks about social responsibility more than company extra and so being able. Across a universe of unstructured data on a universe of companies ultimately to really be able to have powerful actionable dashboards and really to have a quick front end where people could come in and understand very quickly what is the reputation risk or what is the focus from the communication perspective of of a given organization. So as a business solution you can find that on our website for instance for more information really meant to be an accelerator you know built in turn key project that you can use. And the last project is something that we did with the I guess the European ASX so they're really trying to go from you know market operator to service provider and so what that means is they will they're ultimately becoming ESG score. ESG benchmark providers right so you know a lot of their customers are typically keen on being able to have. Benchmark customization capabilities and really to be able to understand. Yeah big. ESG index so what they try to do with we really try to build an agile environment for benchmark calibration and it all starts with entity resolution across you know most of the ESG row provider scores on the market system and anything you know movies. ESG carbon for and so so they really go from this massive universe of data into you know step by step resolving entities I joining across those different and diverse data sources you know who are the same organizations and entities and then being able to then you know filter that universe into specific dimensions. And then the first slide so see see or two momentum for instance other ESG factors that they are trying to do then they do benchmark testing based on specific diversity diversification diversification strategies and then back test the entire process. really what was useful to them was this notion of agility. And they now have a two week release cycle when the market changes or when some of the ultimately data sources, standards, benchmarks evolve and its full business ownership, so built by a team, but then through auditability transferred to a business team, that can tweak, change and run simulation. And they've really had this notion of scaling and reuse, right? So ultimately, without going into the detail of custom Python library, that really can be quickly adapted and scaled to other use cases, to other entities into other markets, and in this notion of scalability, the size of the data and the type of product that they deliver through it was really massive. So that's in the nutshell, the few projects that I wanted to talk to you about, are candid to Ansofi for a closing remark, and thank you all for listening to me today. Thanks very much Vincent, and thank you all for attending this webinar. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope it was insightful. If you have any questions, comments, don't hesitate to reach out to us. You have my email on this page. Stay tuned for the next one. This is part of an FSI webinar series that we have launched this year at the Taiku. There will be plenty of different topics across the year. So we'll let you know, and we'll also write a follow-up email in which we'll send you a bit more material on ESG specifically, but also more broadly on what the Taikuda is across the FSI sector. Thank you very much.