 Where to start? You've heard it already about 30 times in the past five minutes. The name of every day, what does that mean? And that's what I'm going to be covering during that presentation to help you understand what is behind that vision. And to start with that, I'm going to start with what I wish would be a very witty data science joke with binary and factorials and the rest, but it's just to tend with an exclamation mark to highlight the fact that that echo is now 10 years old. That echo was founded in 2013, well now in 2023, simple math, 10 years old, and a lot has changed over these 10 years. The world has changed, I mean 10 years ago I did not know what the face mask was. Now, yeah, I know. The take ecosystem in which we are has changed a lot, like Kubernetes didn't even exist 10 years ago. So everything is different, but the core vision of the foundation of that day, who remains the same. And what's at the core of that vision? It's a very simple vision that there will come a time where every decision, every process, every product and service of any organization will be augmented with data and AI. That data and AI will be there to make everything more than it was before. And for that to happen, you need to have AI embedded in every activity. You need to have everybody to actually use AI to the best of what can be done on their day to day. And that's what that echo is about. It's about lowering the barrier of usage and pervasivity of AI so that everybody can use it in all of their activities. It's about enabling a user, fanatic, and AI. So natural, it becomes a part of our everyday lives. It's like like electricity or like computers. You like computers in the 80s. There was that thinking that computers were for computer scientists. And that there was a subgroup of people who should be leveraging computers and using that. And yes, we have one more computer scientist to that and we have in the 80s. But I also have three computers just in my bag. Even though I'm just a sales guy, computers are being used everywhere. The same way data and AI will be starting to be used everywhere. That's what we talk when we speak about everyday AI. The pervasive usage of AI to be used in every application, every decision by everyone in the organization. And that's actually what we've been doing for the past 10 years. We have one product at that degree. See, the outputs for R&Ds, just one product in 10 years. But it's a fantastic product that is aimed at actually supporting the journey of organization towards that everyday AI. And we've been doing that with more than 500 organizations. And we've learned a lot about what brings success when it comes to moving to every day. And yes, of course, there's a question of data. There's the question of infrastructure. There's the question of process. But we see three main pillars from a slightly different perspective to actually make companies successful on their journey towards everyday AI. The first one is, how do you accelerate data initiatives? Most organizations today already have data teams. They already have data infrastructure. However, many of them are struggling with the productivity of these teams. Myself, my first job was data scientists. I mean, so long ago, it actually wasn't named data scientists. It was a data minor. It has more of a coal-shoveling name to it. And I remember that at that time, it took me four, five months to clean data, get access to it, make sure it was done the right way. A few weeks to actually train models, neural networks already at that time. Then four, five, six months to get things in production. And then about a year and a half to get people in the business to buy in and to use it. Today, it's much simpler. It's easier. But the time frames are not that different. There are many painful elements in a development process on getting access to data, training is getting easier, deploying, maintaining, making sure you've got buy-in. This is an element where we need to make a shift organization looking to move to our day. I need to make a shift of counting months per project to be able to move to projects per month. This is where MLOPS, this is where MDMA infrastructure, or bringing increased productivity to teams. So the first pillar is how do you accelerate the data initiatives? The second one is about democratizing data usage. However many data people you might have in your organization, it will, for most companies, always be a small percentage of the total number in the company. On top of that, it's only a small percentage of the overall expertise. Why is that? Because there's much more to know than data. You've got people who are domain experts, who know their business, who know their activity, and that can bring a lot of intelligence. So how do you actually democratize data usage beyond the data experts? Is a key pillar to succeed with every AI so that it's not 3% of your organization that can be augmented, but 100% of it. And last but not least, as you scale the use of data and AI in the organization, comes the question of trust. As the impact grows in terms of number of people, in terms of systems, in terms of processes, in terms of business, in terms of customer, you need to be able to trust in what is being done. Especially in an edge where new information, new processing has become easy with charity. There is no marginal costs to how much new processing you can put in place. So you need to make sure that you have the right levels of control on that. I had a discussion just a couple of weeks ago with a head of analytics of a large tell-who organization who was telling me something I had never heard before. I have too many people who know how to process data. That's actually a good thing, except if you don't know how to govern, if you don't know how to trust. So these are the key three pillars. Accelerates, democratize, and trust. The challenge is that they actually all put in different directions. You want to accelerate your data initiatives. You need to put up the disposal of your data teams, the latest systems, the fastest, the best agility in what they're going to be able to do. But if you do that, you're going to eliminate large parts of the people who are just there to get access to democratize type of systems. And then if you democratize data, then yes, you create slots of assets, you create slots of contents, and it's going to create problem in terms of governance, because you won't know what to trust or what not to trust. And when you want to govern, well, you're actually going to limit the type of systems and agility that your data experts are going to be using, because you want to have control on what is being done. So this three pillar put in different directions. If, and that's a big if, you try to solve them separately. And that is the core vision of every day with that echo. Is that if you actually look at solving them jointly, it's not tension anymore, it's a flywheel. If everything that is being done in democratization by letting a thousand flower bloom is actually understood and governed the right way, it will help emerge right data, right projects, right things that can be scaled up and used as part of the accelerated data initiatives. If you build the trust worthiness the right way, then indeed, you're going to be able to use that as a conduit for reuse by experts and by by domain experts and by data experts. If you actually accelerate your data initiatives jointly with the democratization, everything that you will have done by data experts will be usable by the people who are more domain experts. How do you actually start every project by building on shoulders of giants and paying it for that's the idea behind every day. That's the idea about that take whose philosophy. It's to combine jointly these three pillars so that they become a flywheel of acceleration of the leveraging of data and AI in the organization. And that's what we've been doing for the past 10 years, supporting organizations doing that organization like NXP, they actually produce way first their 30,000 people, 11 billion dollar revenue. And that is the blueprint that they follow. Start by accelerating your data experts, provide them with all of the right tools, all of the right content to be able to build their project faster, put them in production and maintain them there. All that had been done to be reusable by a broader audience in finance, in logistics, in marketing, and putting the framework in place in the operating model so that all of that would be understood, govern, reuse and scale. And they've been able to cover use cases going as wide as a demand forecasting in finance teams or quality optimization in production and hundreds of other applications thanks to the use of that model. And this is just one example out of hundreds of gains of productivity, ability to deliver new services that did not exist before this company engaged on their journey towards every day. So now you know, now you know about every day AI, but if you know a bit more about that, you know that our tagline is not just every day AI. Our tagline is actually every day AI, extraordinary people. And I think that's at the heart of our philosophy. AI is a mean AI is a tool. What does make AI useful, what allows acceleration, what brings value from democratization, what allows trust to build trust is actually the people. And I think we are seeing that shift from people being feeling that technology is bigger than them, that they are something less than the technology and that shift of data and AI moving towards making people more than they were before, allowing them to do more than what they thought they would be able to do the same way in the 80s. Most people thought they would never be able to touch a computer keyboard and now we all do that on their day to day. So that was for a brief introduction of what every day AI is about and I'm looking forward to continue to engage with all of you today on the topic. Thank you very much.