 My name is Tjurri Dereus, I'm the head of tech and finalists and finalists is a data and marketing agency. We are working for the sports media and entertainment industry. What we see is that these companies are really famous, they have big names, are big brands, but they are not necessarily big companies, so they don't have the resources. As you said, a full data team or higher, a lot of data analysts. These are companies like football clubs, pro football clubs, sports federations, music festivals and such. We really help them with their data strategy and with their data infrastructure, so they can really make their marketing smarter, make their products better. What we see in sports, for example, is that we can help them a lot with just delivering the clean data and actionable data, so they can use that in the marketing, maybe build some customer segments, and use that in the marketing. Let's step one for them basically. Generally, that may be the first year or second year as well, and then it's such to get really interesting looking at more advanced models. A finalist is working with the data queue from the start of 2020, so few years now. And personally, I've been working with the data queue for some years before that as well, I guess 2016 or so, so it's kind of a journey looking at that. We were more of a marketing company back then, and all the technical stuff was outsourced, so we had a technical partner for these kind of stuff. And when I started working for finalists around three years ago, I thought, yeah, this is such an important part of our company. We should insource that and build all the skills and all the data pipelines and such internally. So that's when we started doing that and started implementing data queue. For us, it was a total transformation. We went from a marketing company, a marketing agency, selling hours to really helping companies with their main challenges with a main business model. Let's give an example looking at one of our clients. That's a pro cycling team. That's Team Yomofisma, one of the biggest teams right now. And when they started working with us, they were really dependent on sponsorships. That's generally the case in cycling, in pro cycling. And they wanted to build a big fan base, a big customer base, who they really understand and get to know. So that's where we helped them with. And then build a business model on that, customer facing, consumer facing, other than sponsorship facing. So we built revenue streams based on that idea. So maybe we have segments over there with active cyclists, so they cycle themselves. They have more couch potatoes, like where you can sell maybe a documentary to. But you could sell a cycling jersey to the active cyclists. So that's a whole new model that enables Yomofisma to create new revenue streams and change the business model as well. And everything is built on the data foundations. Thank you.