 For me, some of my favourite conversations at DataRiku have been about the way that people and teams have changed the way that they work with Data. One example is at a shipping company who's a customer of ours, a conversation with a product manager who has no prior experience of data science and had a really interesting business question. And in one afternoon, we were able to get their data into DataRiku and answer that question. And they don't even need to put that model in production or do anything fancy and it's not really sophisticated AI, but that one individual could go from never having done that before to believing in that answer and solving their problem in one afternoon. So one of the more exciting conversations I had was with Ashkash Corporation. It's a big truck manufacturer, commercial trucks, military trucks. It's an old company. They've been around for over 100 years or I think this is their 100th anniversary. Up in Wisconsin, hardly pioneered innovation necessarily when we think about technology. But they have gone really over the last couple of years, two years ago, their analytics were spreadsheets, run-of-the-mill analytics and today they are building complex algorithms. They're deploying them on the edge, on their trucks, so they're training them centrally, deploying them on the trucks for their customers, getting real business results that they can track back to money saved, time saved for their customers. But it's so exciting to hear a company that has obviously a massive hardware application and does interesting things from an automotive technology. But to go from, I want to say zero, but we'll say stage one to start at stage five really quickly from a data science perspective. That was really uplifting because I hear far more often from a company like that the challenges that they're having. And to hear somebody be so successful so quickly is encouraging that people are starting to get it. I have heard a lot of great use cases this year. People again are kind of accepting that just cool ideas are not going to make the organization's money. And so I'm hearing like a lot of what sound like kind of boring mundane use cases actually go into production and make organizations a lot of money. Very simple kind of sounds intense and non-simple deep learning, but very simple applications of deep learning. In, for example, like on shop floors identifying tools or identifying oddly shaped packages for people shipping things. These simple applications are actually really taking off and making companies a lot of money.