 So I decided to talk about it. I'd love to have each of you introduce yourself and just for a little fun because again you can't do a session about AI without talking about gendered and AI and chat GPT and Bard tell us how you used it. Of course you have what was the most specific thing you've asked it and were you satisfied with the results. So Jeff said let's start with you. Okay my name is Jeff Centaler. I'm the chief AI strategist at DataIQ. My short overview on my background I've worked in several industries, semiconductor, quant finance, HR and then I built and sold a deep learning company so that's when you get exposure to everything you suck at, marketing sales, customer success. And have I used GPT 4. I use it every day. It writes 80% of my code now and I think that number will keep increasing. If I have to pick a fun example, are these examples over wine? Sure, yes, over wine. Perfect. So on a flight I was able to get GPT 4 to begin creating a new synthetic language that humans should speak that has a higher language utility score on phoneme diversity, efficiency, digital, like there's a long list on an overall score. So it's building a language which I think is fascinating. That's amazing. Cool. How about you Tony? I'm Tony Co. I am the son of the wonderful executive that you saw on screen. And I used chat GPT. I vividly remember the first question that I asked. I said, what is the next big milestone for transformer architecture in LLM? It's bad out probably 11 or 12 different things but the first one was translating the sentiment of machine data, machine generated data and a different type of tinfoil had flew onto my head and I started thinking about okay machine generated data that's like sensors that's like access gate waves that's like our phones. And typically when we see any of these devices fail, it blips or it crashes or resets or something like that. We automatically assume it's like a shorted circuit or a different piece that needs to be swapped out. But if a language model is starting to translate that and add sentiment to it, is it going to start telling it, hey I'm tired of doing this job. If you make me take another selfie, I'm just going to explode in your face. So it was a wild thought exercise. Cool. Hi everyone, I'm Bruno Aziza. I think I'm the only impression on this panel whose last name is born in backwards the same way. If anybody know what that's called, Palin Rome, there you go. You get a $5 dollar a Starbucks card. I'm kidding. So I am the French d'Idiagai I guess. You and I have known each other for a long time. I was at Microsoft when you were at Tableau. I worked in data my entire career. I was with a company called Alpine Delaubz. I got sold to TIPCO in this field. So I launched three startups in data analytics and today I'm in Google. So I worked for small, medium and large companies and data is my passion. The reason for I'm saying French d'Idiagai is I am actually French. So I apologize for the accent and the absence of h's and s's when I'm going to talk today. I don't use CHGP team. No, I'm kidding. I just mark. You should try. And I love to benchmark these tools to see how they do. And the question I asked you would expect of a metaphysical French guy's philosophical question is what's the meaning of life? And you should try it. You should see what it is. But I think the midpoint on the answer and I benchmarked both of these tools to see what the answer was. The answer depends on you. And often I think that's the problem we have with these tools is that the semblance of truth. I think we'll talk about this today. You have to be super careful about taking the output. I'm kind of scared about 90% of your code. So I want to see is it creating more work for us to audit what the tool is outputting before it put in the action? So I think it's a big question to ask yourself. It's great. Hi, I'm Joe Slingin. I manage data and brand slantics at in commercial for commercial wireless and digital network. My fun thing with chat GPT, I mean I'm in the wait list for the bar. It may call yeah. So chat GPT, I was just curious. So many questions I asked but simple thing I had a I broke my knee like a couple of years back and I'm still like not so steady about it but I asked like how to avoid it. I wasn't really happy with the answers. I just said like don't do much. But to what Japson mentioned like what we want again later to the topic here. How do you scale and the question there is can do we have like 100 data scientists write code day in day out or can we have a generative AI take care of that. This is something that I was discussing with our lead data scientists as well. I think chat GPT seems to have a pretty decent understanding. I'm sure we will get us there for sure. So it's like AI building AI sounds like standard but we like to still have ethical boundaries around it. We'll see. Well that's a great transition into a really important question which is in 2023. What does it mean to scale AI? You know what does it mean? And so Japson I know you talk to a lot of customers at DataIQ and if it had a myriad of experiences. What is scaling AI mean in 2023? Yeah I think it goes back to some of the pillars that have been mentioned. I'm a huge fan of democratization which I wasn't always a fan which might surprise people because I think from the data science side sometimes there's a level of arrogance that whatever your problem is we will understand it. And what I have found historically that's not true. You can never know more than the process owner, the domain experts. So I think when I think of scaling AI it's enabling the people in an organization. I think we're in a new reality now where every employee should be able to scope an AI opportunity. It doesn't mean they need to know how to solve it. They don't have to jump into the pipelines but they should be able to raise their hand and say I think there's an opportunity. And then time to value acceleration is the other thing. Everyone's anxiety goes down if we're talking about it two months, two months, two values and then trust of course. If you can find a lot of upside, you can also find a lot of downside on the weekend if you don't have the right governance. For sure. In Bruno you said small medium large. Google Cloud scale. What's your perspective? I mean, you have brought in those three pillars pretty easily. What do you do to scale me? So my team spends about 60% of their time with customers. We do see the successes and also the struggles in the industry. I think the soundbuy that I would tell people is make the eye bigger than the A in artificial intelligence. The one thing that I will say is that the use cases that we see for our customers in a way they scale it is they make it work within their workflows. I think that's really kind of the takeaway I see when customers are succeeding getting AI at scale. I'm going to make another joke here. We can think about AI's artificial intelligence the way I look at it succeeding is it's actually applied an invisible meaning it is applied to the workflow. It is part of your application. It does not just give your information, allows you to transact. It's invisible because it is taking you to the action without you having to think about am I buying like you know I think the use cases where customer comes in like I need to buy myself some AI that's a red flag. You're not really buying it right? You're looking to accelerate a workflow maybe be operationally effective. You're looking save money or make money. I'm betting that into the workflow and the applications. Like I say make it applied and invisible. It's probably the best way that you know you've scaled it. I think that's the challenge we have today with the chat applications is that they're great workflow by themselves but are they creating an application level value for the end user? Then you know now everybody else is using it. Yeah good point. Now Chos I mean at dish I mean you've kind of been the the program leader of scale there. I mean what so what do you what do you think about scale? What's mattered as you've been scaling at dish? Sure just to give a background dish a dish we are building a 5G network it's a brand new from scratch and we it's like it's a nationwide 5G network and the key is 5G complex so many systems very like and these systems are evolving as we as the technology improves as we get feedback from the customers and everything so what does scale mean a simple example we can say is at the time of the launch we just once we launched like we just jumped from like some data to big data in just a matter of a couple of months and the systems were like in shark like they didn't expect that much hit us right so we turned to like scalable AI platforms before that we had all this tablet dashboards and multiple things yeah enough to get the leadership satisfied but the moment we switched to this switch on the network and everything starts flowing in it's it was like tough everything starts choking then then the platforms made it easy for us to say like okay it's not just the small data set you don't have to aggregate and lose the information or value it really helped us to like look at the data as it is and then look at like enable like correlations patterns cohorts multiple things that was the foundation for a complex AI system and it opens into like what Bruno has just mentioned like we want to make it much more seamless so you don't even recognize there is AI and that's where we want to head and the scaling certainly helps there and again we are in the world of the data now no no talking about like yeah we didn't expect this to coming we are here so we have to we have to understand that and have that support from the platforms and more okay can I interject for you please I think that's a key consideration is some of the customers that are having issues is they satisfy for the next 12 months and they're like oh I'm just going to smile for this known data set and so forth and and we have a mentality switch that we have to go through now I think is in the past we used to think about the world of reducing the data knowing the questions that people are going to answer and then we'll be safe and the reality is that you're already dealing with unpredictability so you should build a system that works on any data structured and structured semi-structured you should think about that today with no limit of scale and just knowing that for every question the business user is going to ask is now the six questions behind that and if they're not able to fulfill those answers they're probably not going to use the first answer to the question and so this problem of scale really comes across at least three vectors we see is scale of all data scale of all workloads some bringing you know SQL workloads along with artificial workloads as well as scale of people so just build it for millions rather than just building for 10 or 100 yeah good advice well so Tony in the context of scale and you ex-lawlem see been leader of a global practice of data and analytics for many years minute managing director what do you see in terms of the challenges the data I coo has identified five challenges so data access and quality operationalization and business impact visibility and control scarce and underused data experts I think someone talked about 500 versus 50 you talked about 15 and 1,500 versus 500 and then costly and complex infrastructure so so when you're thinking about scaling you're thinking about implementing and scaling AI which of these challenges do you feel is like the the one that is the most disruptive or difficult to get around I don't think any of these challenges are necessarily a light switch change I think every single one of these has a level of complexity that requires a lot of collaboration a lot of influence a lot of teaming and the one thing that you know going back to my talk now the one thing that's pretty common across all five of these is communications because you know going back to some of what you were saying having everybody be able to identify an AI project or AI opportunity we're seeing that now because everybody is understanding the power and in some of the creativity that's coming out because of the mass adoption that Chattachy PT and Generative AI has had and so someone wants to tell me that people who call it politics don't necessarily focus on how to influence but people who focus on how to influence call to collaboration and so I think all five of these requires a heavy amount of collaboration visibility control trust I have to say maybe infrastructure is probably the one thing that may not be as difficult because there's platforms like DataIQ that's hardening ML ML ops platforms and doing a lot of the job for you but you know the data fifth them that people are building that's politics we should all focus on how to influence and collaborate with each other that's a great point it does kind of cut across all five of those so Chattachy as you were scale I mean did you have a particular challenge or space today even and can you give an example of like how you got through it? Sure again as I said like the complex systems involve as we go through one of the biggest challenges that we hit all the time is like data access and quality and also latency right so you make a call on through the 5G network there are like 10 to 15 different systems that will feed in information how do you make sense out of it so it's both the access and then the does it make all of them saying the same thing so many variations that will come from different systems how do you make sense out of it but to touch on what Tony mentioned I can easily say like all five of them are some of the core aspects one thing we haven't touched on the like scale is scale is not about just going up and wide systematically it's going across the whole enterprise so one of the key things is right now that we are working on is to build like reusable feature sets so you have a data and you have like hundreds of features that you can add to that entity okay say subscriber and it doesn't have to come from one source it can come from different sources and we may have like 10 different data science organizations working at the same time on the same information and we could certainly avoid that duplicate effort and the angle could be different so we can easily build that 360 view as a shared data set and we are just getting there working with other partners in the organization and that will address most of the key aspects here data access quality that's an engineers job to clean up that information if somebody can do that and then make the features that are available we can have that operation operation optimization part of it handled from data science standpoint and then like it's I think it'll pretty much like to us address the three and four because we have more efficient resources who can collaborate and use the common like work platform there um Cossody and complex infrastructure is about how you efficiently manage that resource before data like we were it was a bit of a challenge data like who has a way to like control that manage that and we are getting there so it's great it's great experience you know great practical experience you have and and jabsin for you um you you talk a lot about like you said didn't you believe in democratizing but also executive buy-in and storytelling I mean how do these challenges sort of uh you know come across to to that point of view that you carry yeah I definitely have a favorite on this list I think that comes from the experience of wiring money from your personal account to cover payroll it kind of changes you so the one that screams to me is business impact so I it because that's fuel for the fire right that allows you get the justification one of the things I failed to mention on my last answer is I want to give the audience some numbers to think about so we've last ten years we've gone through are you doing data science or are you doing AI oh yeah I have one data scientist over there they built a model whether or not it's consumed doesn't matter and now we're seeing examples where the new number is it's thousands of models deployed so one of our customers GE aviation they were considering hiring 100 data scientists and instead they were able to develop 2500 data models worth over a hundred million dollars and deploy them and so how do you get to a thousand and and that's what we're here for that's what we're here to share the experience the process we have a business transformation group there's a culture change that some companies have to go through because that's a big number you can't just go into into an old company and say you need a thousand models deployed they need to let's want to scare them but if it's attached to business impacts yes big fan of working backwards failing quickly which I'm sure a lot of people on this panel are yeah we'd rather fail tomorrow than six months from now yeah yeah any comments Bruno or you know you told me that a good panel always have disagreements yes that's right Rebecca is there she's probably in a kicking the out for her can I disagree at scale just across the everybody now I'm kidding I think so I like the way you said life switch because I do think there is one in particular in this list that is the absolute must right so it's not access to enough high quality data kills all of us right just if we don't do that you could build the most beautiful applications you could have the most qualified data engineers if we don't have high quality data it's terrible I'll give you a few examples I think Courtney Gortner the average organization weighs 13 million dollars a year on bad data so that's that's a huge number I also took a few notes I looked at you know how much of the data that we have that today we store is unique and turns out I think I DC show that only 10% of the data we create every year is unique you're carrying 90% of the data that's replicated not well known not one understood not well trusted so it's a huge problem and so I would say that if you only do one thing here a lot more data of a much higher quality I know that sounds pretty basic but we're still haven't broken through that that's why data sharing platforms are important is because most of the data you have like we just saw right 10% is unique it's probably in somebody else's database and so you want to be able to input that data and then second there's a set of I think key principles for data quality that are simple born we haven't been able to break through I wrote them down because when you google that and everybody should google that by the way click on a few ads around before you get to the company man yeah you find that there's a paper from MIT 1991 where professor Wong was talking about the 20 dimensions of of data quality I'm not gonna take you guys through all of them but I did pick up a few patterns and when when we think about data quality is at least three patterns one is the quality of the data itself is it rich is it complete and is it traceable you know the site you have lineage knowing where the data comes back it's really important because that is the the basis of what we're doing is trust if people can't trust what we're opening this doesn't matter how beautiful the solutions are second is the people is data that is relatable is it data that is understandable to them it's great to float people with dashboards and set of data but if they don't understand it it's really nothing you can do and then finally the actions themselves is it something that's timely is it something that is relevant to them if we can run our data across at least these three you know these three categories in the six attributes total I think you could be in much better shape you know in the costly and complex infrastructure adapt to disagree on that one because I think we have great solutions today a few vendors in the space are there to make sure you've got best cost performance so but and then fourth I would say that if our strategy is to train more specialized people I think you know we've tried for the last 20 years doesn't work we have to figure out a way that we're not the audience that we are getting this to people that are not data experts like us and I think just try to compete with that by hiring more data scientists is going to be a challenge I think they're just not there that's a great point and try to give kind of answer to my next question what which is what are the realistic expectations of a data practice in 2023 and I guess you would might say gosh realistically focus on data quality that's the thing right yeah but yeah I don't know Tony or Joe's you have an opinion about like what are the realistic expectations of a data practice in 2023 what are companies doing that are succeeding like are they addressing quality first and foremost or or what are they doing well I don't know Tony get a perspective on that you know the the longest standing solution in the data space has been master data management and data governance and you know any enterprise that's been around for more than 15 years probably try to like five times and even that landscape is changing I really like what you were saying about high quality data because that's kind of the fuel for everything that we're going to see going forward so I do see that you know labeling data is not necessarily a beautiful thing to do inspiring work thing to do but I remember I had a conversation with DJ Patil he was the first chief data science officer for the United States under Obama he said during COVID he was there labeling data he thought it would be a much more glamorous job but he's somebody's got to do it so I do feel like not undermining the importance of that it's important and I see you know many of our clients right now where their data teams are being inundated their backlog is is so so vast at this point because everybody's coming with ideas and whatnot so I think there's what's realistic is you know data teams thinking about how to become a thought partner to sift through a lot of these ideas and really hardening that idea of like a center of excellence with some sort of process and business impact to your point because you know I remember working with the CTO for who's in the mortgage industry and their CEO basically said this moratorium lift that's happening out in about a couple of months we're going to have to we're going to have to file for exception because there's no way we can't enough people to do that and the CTO has been banging his desk to say AI could help us solve that with intelligent doctor processing but he was too far into the weeds and once we were able to talk about the business impact to say hey you're going to get 200 percent alright within the next six months because of this event this compelling event that's happening she said okay let's fund it put in production right away because we have no other choice but to do that it's amazing just about for you I mean when you think about what you've got to accomplish realistically you know what are you thinking about your data practice and your people's data practice sure back here so going back to what you know was saying with respect to data quality right one example I can give which is it's just happened in front of us easily instantly it's like you go we had this amazing report or sorry map with all predictions and stuff and we presented to an executive leader right he looked at it he said like doesn't make any sense right okay and then like we went back and said okay we tried to explain it no English explanation could help because he couldn't trust the data it doesn't make any sense from a practical standpoint so we are showing something that we reported from data are we interpreting it correctly or is the data even mapped correctly so so many questions these are simple technical questions right but then finally like we went down from this advanced modern age solution to a spreadsheet right so here like going back to Stone Age and then he's looking at it's in every column and now it makes sense right so it's like we don't want that to happen so first we need to establish the trust and the ensure we understand what the business is about and the data makes sense yes their data can get messed up anytime so you have a new vendor a vendor who's changing his upgrading his platform suddenly broke something so many external factors that could play in right how do you make make sure data is good one if you don't have that like governance around it ever whatever you build this beautiful fancy castle breaks down into a small like nothing problem exactly okay and it's a great can I give you an example I don't know if I'm in order no it's okay now we're having a conversation but we were working with this hotel and they were trying to figure out what were the people that were recommending with the highest influence other people to stay in that hotel and we run the data we build this application and we found out that the majority of people that are influencing the decision of others to go and check in and choose that hotel we're actually not people staying at this hotel really counterintuitive right so then we go and double click under that we found that it was actually taxi drivers and ubers because they're getting a huge tip when they're dropping off somebody so they didn't go online and then fill out the you know but how were we able to convince the the customer that this was actually something they could make a decision on was what you just described which is lineage all the way to the source of the information to kind of reach the state which I think we all want to be I call it like data and Nirvana is when I tell you something about yourself that you don't know about yourself and now did you can act on it and very few companies are there because we're still running into this issue and I know I you know we are emotional machines looking for data to justify a decision we're not logical machines that are kind of disrupted by emotions and so I think we need to embrace that which touches a little bit on the on the culture bit I don't know if we will get to talk about that but that's huge right you're you're dealing with other humans making decisions and so you have to take that in consideration and so I'm not saying we should be dealing with less humans I'm saying no we should be dealing with more humans because our power is imagination envisioning the things that others can can envision but that's a huge you know trust is the foundation that we rest on if we don't do that this matter yeah one one saying yes I'm going back to your question right what is what is it that we are looking for in this so one is trust that's critical otherwise we will not have pay right we will be kicked out but the key is not just the systems it is also like the understanding across the whole organization how do you make sure that right and then translate that into a leadership understanding and then operationalize that that whole process is requires a governance and and and understanding or center of excellence is a word that Tony mentioned so that is something that we want to establish for this year right fancy things like chat GPT all those things yeah you can bring in that's technical right it's more than that somebody's funding this you need to make sure you show value value they don't care what's under the hood they don't care data like who are what are the fancy words did it make us money did it do did accomplish exactly so jibson start us a little bit on our a little bit of a lightning round so we what do you think I mean you talk to a lot of people your well-known strategist on AI what should be on every data leaders list of priorities for 2023 especially in the context of scale oh I so if it's lightning round I'm gonna say culture change culture change also this this is the year that AI becomes a top three priority for CFOs that's that's different so what does that mean for you and then I think finally it would be still from other people's experience so don't don't do this on your own smart people trip they make mistakes so lean into other people that are have made mistakes that have found success and that's that increases the likelihood of your success this is great advice how about for you Tony I'm gonna build on top of the steal from other people's experience to also steal what what are the people's are people are using in terms of words don't make up your own words to communicate something new everyone's gonna everyone including my mom is gonna have some sort of use case for AI and so listen practice deep listening use their words and when you come up with some sort of solution make sure you present it back in what they interpret or what they crafted in their heads yeah I like what you said about about culture I think that's you know the number one issue that we see I and but also think that did a culture programs you know they're not all succeeding because we're not embracing that culture just like strategy is not what you say it's actually what you do and so think about what processes can I put in like so if that's worked for our customers is what we call you know how we think about post mortems something happens we screwed up announced a blame game I'm kidding but I mean we try to figure out okay why did it break what customers are doing great practices for having great culture is they they have pre mortems they meet before launch or a decision what's gonna break and what do we do about that and they have this culture I know it's really hard to do because you need to have the time but they have this culture of like questioning the decision making or we have at this organization and so I would look for culture you know principles absolutely print them but then look for practices where you're going to actually create that culture as the way we do business it's critically important I mean you know I don't want to create a crisis but the Chief Data Officer today's their average tenure is two and a half years compared to other executives that are seven years I think for the or five years for the CIO and that's because I think we might be failing at that level on the human side and implementing practices that enable you to create that culture everywhere it's great and CIO sir I agree I think culture is a great point just one thing I would like to disagree is when we started 2023 when or even 2022 everybody most of the leadership is for this change right they already had that thought process in mind but the moment you fail they even if like once they're okay to forgive you a couple of times it's okay but if you are not able to show value they get riskless right it's again the point is what is not under the hood you have to prove that point and sometimes it's not what you started out as so how do you make sure you are still able to provide value and how do you translate the outcome of this data science effort and then to their understanding and how do you show progress that's the major change that I've seen so again 2022 we started at the great thing or from a culture standpoint but then there is it's degrading because we need to show that value the moment you start showing that then things turn around this it's not about funding eventually because as long as you can prove through the ROI funding like is covered already so it's just an understanding and trust so that is something very important from organization standpoint one more quick comment so the failure thing is interesting sometimes people chase the the the skyscraper something overwhelming I had an e-commerce company show me a 40 diagram flow chart on their first day of project it failed so have the projects organized by feasibility in time to value and you're likely to bet on one that will be in that two month mark and do some winning yeah you got to you got to have some wins yeah well that's it I want to add some status what you're saying because if you're feeling bad about this what he just described 70% of organizations can't get value out of their data so you know we're just up to the beginning of this I think the trend that we've seen is people organize themselves to build data products so if you're seeing now as data teams you're no longer in the cost of the category you're in how do I run into myself with the data product manager a team that's actually outputting data products it just is a great way to like create processes that support this this idea of generating value well gentlemen thank you so much for an informative panel and I think we're about to have another quick talk but thank you so much appreciate that