 Hi everybody, I'm Jed. I've probably worked with a good portion of you in this room, but for those of you who haven't met me before, hello. I'm going to be talking, I'm very happy to be talking right after a ma, actually, not because I don't like French accents, but because I think he sent me up really well. I hope what he's done in his talk is sell you on this concept of every day AI. And what I'm going to be talking about is how DataIQ actually helps you with it. So we just heard about it from a ma, but what does it mean in practical terms to make this in reality? DataIQ helps your teams reach every day AI by building a world where more people in your organization generate value with your data faster and do so in a safe, governed manner. So how do we do that? Let's talk first about democratization. How do we get more people to work with data? More people could mean actual, he just more human beings, but it also means more personas, more skill sets, more use cases. I was just, well, not just a month or two ago, I was at a Bank of America tech event down in Silicon Valley. And the CTO there said something really remarkable to, that I thought was really remarkable. He said that they had 60,000 technologists at Bank of America. I don't know what a technologist is, maybe it's just everybody they give a laptop but it's still a huge number. The point that I pulled out of that is that everybody in the modern workplace is going to have some potential to interact with and build useful products on top of data. You're certainly not going to have your 500 superstar data scientists answering all the questions of the other 59,500 people who may be working with data. That's just not viable. You need to allow these other folks in your organization to do advanced work with their data. A platform where many personas can access and build on your company's data then becomes extremely valuable. Whatever it is, wherever the underlying infrastructure, you need to make it accessible to the teaming masses who are trying to break free of a 32,000 limited record data set that might be sitting on their personal computers. Many of you in this room, speaking of infrastructure, are probably working in making decisions at organizations that are currently spending millions of dollars on very complicated cloud migrations. Probably I'd venture to guess that many of you have seen an architecture diagram in the recent weeks, months. They look very similar to this. Lots and lots of arrows. Very, very complicated set of inner working parts and processes, ideally allowing your organization to leverage the huge amounts of data is generating. Has anybody seen something like this recently? Raise your hand. What's remarkable about a picture like this is, oh yeah, there's your users in like a little bitty top right hand corner. Now, it's not that this type of diagram is not useful. This type of diagram is very useful. It's the reality of what we're all trying to build. But we cannot, we cannot forget that the core point of all of this is to allow people to actually work with data. Allow people to work with data. You should not be building a huge infrastructure solution without remembering that most key component. People have to use it. How does data IQ help with that? Data IQ sits, well, I can actually take a little step back. Back when data IQ was created, a huge portion of the reason that we were so successful early on in the market was that we were the people who made Hadoop usable to a large portion of your organization. You have like 10 people who could actually leverage Hadoop and we turned it into 500 people. We turned it into a thousand people. We're offering the same experience now with the modern infrastructures that are all running on the cloud. We work with the best infrastructure teams. We work with the best clouds to ensure that whatever infrastructure you're choosing underneath the covers, the vast majority of your organization is going to be able to leverage it. Let's talk next about acceleration. Here it means that someone can come in day one and begin to produce results. It also means that the results should be able to be productionized and iterated upon without being completely redone by some other team and maybe some other country. You should be able to have the team that build something initially, still be able to work on it and not have to completely shuffle it off to a whole other world. How does data IQ do that? First and foremost, we're very excited within the last couple of years. We have evolved and we have a fantastic software as a service offering. This software as a service offering means that your users can log in, connect to their data and start building flows in minutes. No need for an infrastructure setup, no need for advanced IT integrations. You can just start working on top of the infrastructure of your choice with your data. Data IQ also offers a wide range of pre-built vertical solutions. This allows you to plug and play your data for instant results across a wide range of existing use cases. Finally, the modular plug-in system that Data IQ employs means that you're never going to need to wait for the newest technology. Of course, I am going to talk about that newest technology in just a minute. Our end-to-end nature means you skip the pain and time of integrating a set of disparate tools. You no longer need to spend months or years getting your data processing tool, your machine learning tool, your automation tool, your analogs tool. It's all talked to each other in one place. With Data IQ, you've got something that can do it all. Finally, let's talk about building trust. Not surprisingly, building trust comes back to people. Your teams are going to develop trust when they work together and see other people's work. When you have plans to follow the best practices for reducing risk and when end users are including in the process, they know they can trust the results. Let's see how quickly Data IQ does that. There's no forced technical black box in Data IQ. We are not bringing the algorithms themselves. We don't do that. What we allow you to do is leverage the best open source algorithms in the market today. We allow you to leverage the best cloud algorithms through their APIs today. We are providing the interface, not the secret sauce, which means you can trust that the rest of the world has validated the things that you're using. Your team shouldn't be a black box either, just like your algorithms or your code. With Data IQ, governance comes built in. You set up additional approval workflows and show your business teams are in the loop. It's not just data scientists tinkering some corner and hoping that something amazing is going to happen. Finally, collaboration on flows in Data IQ means that business users and data scientists can work together. Many business users' eyes are going to glaze over when they are R2, precision recall, whatever. But they're not going to glaze over when you can do what a analysis, changing an individual input and seeing how to output shifts. This is how you can have real conversations about how models are accurately predicting the real world. Finally, I wanted to talk once about a very specific application of this within Data IQ. You didn't think I was going to get through something without talking about generative AI with the language models. Of course not. Nobody can. I am so excited about these. Obviously, I think the whole world is as a child of 80s. I can think of a few innovations in my life. Obviously, folks who know their generations are going to have a different set that have drastically changed the way we think about the world. For me, it's like Web browser, the search engine, smartphones, social media, and now this. This is the biggest one in probably 15 years from that perspective. From the way it's going to change the way everybody is working. That's really exciting. Every company in the Bay Area in probably the US is trying to figure out how they should be leveraging AI. Of course, we have an opinion. It's the framework that I've just been explaining. Data IQ, of course, helps more people in your organization, implement solutions with generative AI today. It does so in a safe and governed fashion. For democratization, we are very excitingly working on a new feature which will allow you to build prepare steps and flows in data IQ with English prompts. I can come in, I can type in a text box, I want to build out a model based on my data. I would like to predict this, click compute, and the steps are automatically going to be generated over on the right-hand side. This is an amazing addition to our democratization capability. You don't even necessarily have to understand the internal components of data IQ itself to be building workflows inside of it. This is also great because once you've built out something using generative AI, you still have the flow. You can come in, you can tinker, you can understand exactly how it works. That's still trust right there. This is building using generative AI on data IQ itself. We can also use generative AI in data IQ today. Everybody know what this interface is over here? It's a chat GPT, right? Here I'm asking, you know, a one-off kind of chat situation. Is this email indicative of insider trading? Bob said the CEO is out and the stock is going to drop tomorrow. Respond only with guest or no. Chat GPT says yes. Down here I'm asking about golf, chat GPT says no. This is just classification, right? You have thousands of classification things today, hopefully. Prediction workflows today that you could be leveraging chat GPT for. It does a darn good job. Of course, you're not going to type in every record in 100,000 email data set, but data IQ with its existing plug-in for chat GPT will allow you to run a query across every record of your data set and get outputs. You can do this this afternoon. No training needed, you just run this. Or you can use the outputs of this to feed into your existing models. So finally, building trust. Chat GPT, the biggest question that I've been hearing, I was just up in Redmond at Microsoft yesterday. They said, well, we bought OpenAI, we're excited about that, bought a portion of it. However, what we're hearing constantly is that people are afraid to use the OpenAI API because they don't want to give all their data to somebody. I think Samsung gets out of funny moment with that. I don't know if we heard that. So what are we doing to combat that? What are we doing to ensure that trust gets built? We are not locking you into a single algorithmic setup. Chat GPT could be the ask-gees of this whole situation, right? We don't know where this is going, and we want to make sure that you are able to evolve with the market. Whether that's using something like a Zours version of Chat GPT, so your data never leaves a Zours, or whether it's using something like Dolly V2, which was just released, so that you're leveraging open source capabilities. We want to make sure that you can do that with data ICO. You can already choose from all the Chat GPT's right within our plugins. You can write your own code using whatever underlying technology you want, and we guarantee you that we are going to be evolving with the market as this thing explodes. You're never going to be left behind. The key takeaways here, we are going to make sure that the people in your organization are at the center of your AI journey. We're going to make sure that more people going faster, but with trust, delivers value to your business. And we are going to make sure that we always incorporate the latest technologies and allow your organization to use them. Thank you very much.