 This is a big day for Observe and our customers. This is the largest and most ambitious release to date. We're also announcing today our latest funding, $50 million in Series A3, led by Sutter Hill Ventures. This money will be predominantly used to expand our sales team. We've already hit our sales plan for this fiscal year and are seeing our growth accelerate. That growth is showing up in our usage statistics. Our platform is now ingesting almost 200 terabytes a day and we're issuing almost 55 million snowflake queries per day, representing over 1.5% of their daily query volume. Hubble introduces a 100% new user interface. Dozens of feedback sessions and months of usability testing have led us to this point. We've always had incredible power in our platform and with this release we've made sure that power users right the way down to the most junior users can be productive. Productivity is not just about our new user interface. We fully embraced generative AI in all of our troubleshooting workflows. With Hubble we don't just have a chatbot that can explain error messages and how to perform common tasks. It can write regular expressions. It can even act as an assistant during incidents. Reading alerts, navigating to relevant logs and metrics and summarizing current status, conclusions and timelines. This is just the start. We've scratched the surface of what can be achieved with generative AI and believe that rich and structured nature of our metadata gives us a competitive advantage. Now speaking of competitive advantage, let's talk about our platform. Hubble moves as beyond the magical one petabyte a day barrier in a single workspace. No matter what the size of the organization, observe can handle it. At the same time we've been working to reduce latency, introducing a new live capability in our explorers which allow the user to query data just 15 to 20 seconds after it was created. Finally, observe is opening up. We've introduced a new public API so that our platform can be accessed programmatically. We have a new command line interface and we can share data in and out using snowflake data sharing. With Hubble, observe has never been as productive, as able to ingest as much data, query in his little time and as easy to share data with other users and applications. It's our biggest and best release ever and it's available for you to try in our new free trial at Observing.com.