 Hello everyone. Yes, my name is Rack. I'm the director of data science. And with me, I got Howard True. I'll head off the platform. So today, really, what we are trying to present is our story. Our story of Aluminum going on 10 months of journey with Data IQ. And we say the team is on path to modernization. Just to set the bar, we are talking about our traditional stack, which is SQL server itself. We call SSIS, and we call SSIS. Pretty much there. So that's our level. But before our journey, before we talk about our journey, we'd like you to understand a little bit what we do as an element. So we are an element. We are actually a material testing company. So testing inspection and certification is what we do. So when you get on a plane on holiday or business, you take your hand out of the luggage, you put on the overhead baggage, we do the testing of that baggage. We call the shaker. We literally shake it until the latch opens up. So when you hear the pilots on the control systems, we do the testing for the control system as well. And that's also part of our certifications businesses. So as the plane takes off, we do something called a bootstrike test. So we should chicken into the turbine engine. But they're not alive. They're not alive, this. Definitely not alive. But we got nuggets off from it. So again, just on the element. I think 18 years ago when we first joined the company, we were about 16 labs, 250, 500 people at once. About there. But now we're about 270 labs with 9,000 employees. And a lot of this growth is true acquisition, literally just buying companies. So last year we got acquisition of eight companies in total. And we just heard news last week that we bought another one this year. So what we say that is a little bit of backstory here. Because it's very much effect our data landscape. To give you some context, right? We have a team of nine of us. So this is really good because when we talk about our salary increase, it's 9,000 to nine, right? So it's like one person serving seeing a thousand people. Great for us. We got 270 labs. Again, like I said before, 43 different industry, or from high tech aerospace I got to talk about, to pop contesting. So we literally just put popcorns in the microwave and pop it. And we count very, very kind of different industry. We inherit about 16 enterprise systems. So these are all the ERPs, CRMs, the reporting systems across everywhere. And one of this system that is really important in our business is called the laboratory information system. There are 45 different types, all shape and sizes. We are talking about access database. We're talking about SQL database. We talk about any kind of database that we never heard. An Excel database as well. An Excel database as well, exactly. So from there, we got more than 130 different sources of data sources. So again, we are not big, but we are very wide in terms of data. And we haven't retouched on our equipment yet. So equipment are where our goal minds. We haven't really mined the data yet. That's where our lens part of our process to modernization. Correct. So this is us on a daily basis, right? It's almost like in multiverse, we are always getting multibus requests. Can I get this done today? Can I get the done as soon as possible? Data access is a problem. How we'll get requests all the time. Too many different sources. You have to really understand what they are, right? Then one size doesn't really fit so. Really, I mean, because of the different industry. And a lot of many internal tools as well. So sometimes we hear people buying clickView, we've got Power BI, we have, I know, a bowl, tablo as well. Many other recording tools out there that we weren't too sure about what we should go and ultimately it comes down to like costs. Yeah, exactly. So this is really our challenge in element. But before I go into how data I could kind of help us, I also want to just talk about our experience with the data IQ for the last 10 months. Yes. I purchased it sometime in January and we start the whole onboarding process. But you know, it's just a little quote from one of our colleagues who actually is part of the commercial team. So we onboarded him recently and this is what he had to say. He said that the data IQ was really intuitive for me. The graphical interface made it really easy to use and the fact that the data team had already built a lot of the connections through to SQL data sources meant that it was straightforward for me to start building something. So he just, it was like out of the boxes, hey, here it is. I got all the data around that I needed and he just started building because this person was also good at the Power BI and Excel. So for him, it was like, just go back to the next step and that's it. But the real credit is to how it, because he brings all the data together. That's what it is really. So what's good with the IQ? Yeah, so what I want to stress today is that the IQ, it was, you know, they helped us onboard it and they had a really great team. So I can't stress enough how much support we got from them. The support team, you know, they even helped us through everything. It was like we had a personal hotline to them and we can call them anytime they want and they were there for us. And in fact, they even forced us to have a weekly meeting out of our business. Okay, come on, let's see where the IQ, all the time, badgering us and eventually, you know, we got through. But, you know, it was a really great support team. So I can't stress that enough. And there's a couple of other things that we also noticed about the product, you know, like we were just talking with her name and the last session. She says that, oh, these latest new features, they're only available in maybe in the latest version. But when we set up our data IQ, they have a product called, they use a fleet manager. And that actually helps to perform all the upgrades seamlessly. You just click on the drop down, reprovision it and there you go, bang, latest version. You don't have to worry anything about it because it's all provisioned by the system. So, yeah, so the user interface is very intuitive and you know, all the analysts, they just love it. So you have any analysts out there, anyone who knows how to use Excel, get them on it and they'll love it. And the other great thing about it is that it's a common data access and platform like everyone else was talking about. They keep stressing how that it's just one system for everything. You don't have to, you know, fill around with any other tools out there or download or install. You know, it's all just in one place. So that's really good. Cool. What's unexpected in it? So, yeah, there was a lot of things that came unexpected. Like, I know that data IQ told us to do a few things but one of the things that wasn't was unexpected. There was a lot of preparation that needed to be happened. And I guess that depends really on the company but in our company as a large organization where it's like 9,000 people, you know, you have to get anything you want to do. You have to go through a change request and our department is, oh, we need to add a new system like, you know, add SSO to it. Single sign on. So we have to, you know, get in contact with infrastructure. They put a support request and then, you know, it goes on and on. A lot of red tape. So just make sure you get, you know, your preparation, you know, in place first. So, and also the performance I found is affected by the, where the data is located. So a lot of times in the system, you have like working folders when we were setting up. So if your data is in a blob storage and, you know, you write it to like a SQL, expect that they will be, you know, a delay. And also gets affected in which region you are because you were having like an East US region and then we had West Europe. So where your region is located also affects the performance. So these are kind of things that, you know, we kind of like, you know, didn't know until after. And then I also got like error messages I found that what's happening? It's not, you know, getting a lot of error messages because data on it, you also writes quite a lot to the system. So I had to upgrade the drives and put it to premium this and then that got rid of all the errors that came about. I think that leads to the cost aspect. Yes. So the costs. Oh, yes. So part of the system that uses the Kubernetes, which really helps and also use the virtual machines. So we had to like set up a plan with Microsoft and say, okay, we're going to have these VMs, you know, running for like, I know, three years on. So let's make a plan and then they, we was like a prepaid plan with Microsoft and that helped load our costs as well. So that was a good thing that happens. Okay. So what we also learned is that one of the key things that that we set up to do at the beginning was that we told people that if they want to use, you know, a great system like what we have with data IQ, we first, you know, gave them little tidbits of what it could do, you know, got them, you know, on board it. But in order for them to truly be able to use the system, they had to go through and get their first M out ma'am, first certification from data IQ. So the academy is a great place to actually learn and to onboard people because we told them if you want to use it, at least get the first certification. So that way, you know, you can at least understand more because there's only so much we could teach them one on one. I mean, we might miss things, but the academy actually helps and it enabled and empowered people to figure out how to do things that we wouldn't have told them. So that was a great thing. And we also learned that you have to like write and limit it and keep it simple. So at the beginning when we were using data IQ, we found out there was like so many places, they gave you so many options. Oh, you can write the sequel, if you write to, you know, a Blob storage, you can write to anywhere else. But if you give people too many choices, all the people were like say, but mess things up by not conforming to a certain standard. So the good thing is that we told them that, yeah, just write to this one location, one Blob storage and one sequel. And that's more than anyone can handle. They just have to have two locations of mine and that's it they're done. And we also changed a few things that we had, you know, database schema per project, even though you don't have to have that. But we thought it kept things more simple and it also kept things more secure. So if you want to secure your data sets, you could leave it to that. I think that one more is more about OCD. So we like things to be clean, right? So that's why we kind of do that. It's also good for security as well. And like I was saying before, you know, upgrading a data Ikea is very simple, but the upgrading fleet manager, well, that's another story. I'm still trying to get that to work. Yeah. So hopefully that's the learning that we took on for the last ten months. So what's now, what are we doing right now? I think what's in the pipeline and what's coming soon? So it's very much like what the speakers have been talking about this morning, right? We are talking about data community. So we are trying to build a data committee within the element. So nine of us are facing 9,000. It's not going to work. So we are reaching out to analysts to say, hey, you know what? We got great two. Let's come together. Let's bring our heads together and see what we can do with data. Which leads to kind of citizen developer. I think the SLB case study is fantastic. We like the onboarding. We need to bring our onboarding to the next level. Because we truly think that if you want to digitize your or do a transformation journey with your business, you really need to have the citizen developer at that right level to make that change. So we are doing a lot on this front. One thing we are doing also as well is called decision science. So we've done the dashboard. We've done a Power BI, well, business intelligence. But now it's really bringing the data, the trending, and the forecasting and planning together. So it's what we call a decision science. Really using the ticketing model to help the business to make decision better. And that's where everything you see is within data IQ. And that's why we have a very high confidence with this tool that you can help our business. Just to show you what's in the pipeline right now. So we build this ML model for our battery testing divisions in Gainesfield in the US. So this is a battery testing. So battery testing for us is like, you charge up the battery, you let it run, and then you discharge it, and you go on cycles. And the cycles typically takes like three months, six months to a year, depends on the application itself. So one of the issues that we have, one of the issues, one of my, a lot of our technicians literally sit there and see, okay, plotting the graph, about 1000 graph, and looking for a blip. Because the blip is normally in the testing itself. It could be calibration issue, it could be a product issue, it could be anything. So in order to do help our colleagues in getting this better, we build a machine learning model in data IQ, obviously. Within, I say, two months, we were able to bring this into almost pre-production, so MVP, into the business with Power BI over here. And this is the blip we are looking for. So that little blip costs customer satisfaction issue. It costs a lot of technicians timing. Our technicians literally sit three to four hours per week per person just looking at the blip. So now we can detect it. We are not using Power BI, sorry, the dashboard in data IQ because in our organization, Power BI is the mainstream dashboarding. So that's why we build this in Power BI. At the same time, because we also build this in Power BI, we are also very good with Power Automate. So there's a bit where we can integrate to do the feedback loop. So let's say in this file, there's a blip here, has the model actually correctly detected in normally. If you yes or no, that's where we update the status and it goes back again. So we are running this MVP for the next three months. If this is good in terms of performance, breathing is great. We're going to roll it out to our Detroit Labs, our Korea Labs as well. So this is again what the use case that element is building. Again, just within two months, once we get the IQ in the past, right? If we do this, we're talking about infrastructure, setup, servers, the different environment. But now it's all right here. And if you only had one data sign, it's still working on this. Not a team, okay? So yeah, I think there's a lot more proof of concept we are trying to build. So as part of my role, I'm trying to get more use case within the element. We're trying to build as much as we can get the credibility out to the rest of the business to say, hey, you know what, we got a great tool. You want to experiment something, come to us, we can help you with that. We almost want to be like the center of excellent kind of role to say, we will train you, we'll give you the environment. This is a great sandbox, just come in and use it, right? And then we got support from the IQ and really kind of push these digitizations or not demotionizations. Build our data community out there. And to get as much people involved in, like truly democratize as people keep talking about. And I think that's part of our strategy as well. And did IQ really help in that sense? Yeah, so this is our journey, really. And that's the last slide. Any questions, anyone? Thank you. Yes, yes. Thank you. Thank you.