 Thank you all for being here and thank you DataIQ for hosting this wonderful event. My name is Tony Co. I'm from Slalom. I look after our technology data in AI business. I'd like to introduce you all to my mom. We immigrated from Korea when I was about six years old and since then for about 35 years she worked at the post office. She's happily retired now so congratulations to her. She visited me and my wife to hang out with our daughter, Olina, a few weeks ago. And up until this trip I always assumed that she thought I fixed computers for a living. And I remember when she was at the post office she would call me and say, hey, my stamp vendor machine isn't working. Can you help? And I didn't want to disappoint her so I said sure. Okay, let's figure this out. I'm plugging it, plugging back in. But during this trip we had this conversation that I never thought we would have ever in our lifetime. She actually engaged me with this conversation around data in AI and how fantastic our lives are going to be as a result of it. After she's retired so she's not afraid about AI taking her job so there's that. But I engaged back, I said sure I know a little bit about the space. Yes, it's fantastic. But there's also real risks as well like amplifying bias, sky net and terminator actually being a real test case for the products that we're seeing. And she stopped me and said, you're thinking about it all wrong. You should think about it the way we think about fire and water. Sure there's fires. There's floods, but it's essential to our lives. So stop being such a downer. I respect her tremendously. Her lifelong learner mentality, her work ethic is something I deeply admire. And it blew my mind. I never thought to draw parallels to something so universally fundamental like fire and water. In the workplace we usually draw parallels to things that we see every day. Internet, mobile, cloud. And it makes sense because cloud has had significant amount of impact in our data day job. For the past seven years it grew five times just for the SaaS industry. And if you take a look, take a look at the infrastructure and platform as a service is about a six billion dollar business today. It's huge. And this growth has led to significant investments in both technology and organizations. And technology we saw reduced down times. We saw outsourcing of commodity services. We saw international expansion as if geographical boundaries were no longer a thing. And we saw organizations evolved to support the agility and then start thinking about operating expenses instead of capital expenses. And then enter AI. Sofrate the world, not AI is eating software. This is from 2019 before gender and AI from Forbes. This is a sequence that we're accustomed to seeing in the SaaS space. They go through three stages. One, the release of product and collect data to operate the product. Stage two, when they have a base of users, they start to collect data to scale their business. And at stage three, they start to take all that peripheral data, the customer, marketing, usage, and inject it back into the product in the form of intelligence. And this was a differentiator historically, something that delighted exceeded, exceeded user expectations. But with the recent successes of OpenAI, the intelligence and products is becoming more and more expected. I follow researchers from Andrews and Horowitz quite a bit. And I came across this big idea in the enterprise for 2023. And the concept is that the move to the cloud is now a decade old movement. And with user expectations growing at such a rapid pace, companies are going to start to need to embrace this data-mute data movement. And if the first generation SaaS companies, the Salesforceers and the Workdays and the Antoplanes of the world fail to do so, they may be uprooted by these next generation SaaS challengers. So this is a bit of a provocation. Data Native resonates deeply with me as a data practitioner. And it's worth defining. This is my stab at it. It's a lot of jargon. I invite you all to help me refine this. But here it goes. It's a solution that is designed with data as its core element, prioritizing automation and intelligence. And it seamlessly integrates data and utilizes data to deliver more powerful experiences for the users. I put some characteristics like, learns from usage patterns, informs new processes, and has an adaptive relationship with the user. Again, jargon, big idea, work in progress definition, but we're starting to see this in research as well. So Slalom's research are spent the last 18 months trying to better understand the direction of industry 4.0. And we interviewed about over 650 executives across geographies, industries, and responsibilities. And 60% of the respondents said data was their top priority. And by cloud, which came in second at 48%, this is a huge shift because we're accustomed to seeing hands down cloud as a top priority in the enterprise. It's also worth noting that three out of the four key investment areas were data related as well, around availability, access, and latency in the edge as well as security and policy. So let's say we now live in a world that is implied cloud native and more focused on becoming data native. What would that look like? We would start to see more empowered users, co-pilots, auto-complete for everything, or creativity that is no longer bound by inspiration that's not so predictable, or productivity that is beyond the pace that we've ever imagined just in a few. So how is this now materializing in the SaaS industry and how is this materializing in our custom build solutions in the enterprise? So you saw from DataIQ, the product roadmap, the integrated chat GPT. I'm sure many of you saw Microsoft's co-pilot announcement, promises to transform how we work across collaboration suites. Sales for a science at GPT was talked about today already, promises to move our time from building reports to asking questions to get close to our customers. Quora released PO, and you no longer have to sift through hundreds and thousands of threads to get to the answer, you just ask it a question. So big advancements, big promises in the SaaS industry. But when we start to think about what we build in-house, being data native is not necessarily a new concept, but it's something when we were successful and we were celebrated widely. I'll give you a few examples. Back in 2015, we helped an agriculture company monetize data, build a $100 million business by equipping farmers with data to improve their yield. In 2018, we helped a communications customer improve their customer experience by integrating intelligent automation that cut across the entire enterprise. We even shifted entire company's identity from being a rental car company to being a mobility company with data as its core. And then a few years ago, we created a autonomous navigation system for a shipping company. These are some examples, and yes, there are many more, but realistically not that many. And when it was successful, we celebrated with press releases, awards, accolades, etc., you name it. But all of these had clear value and high impacts and arguably readily available capabilities. So why were they so far in view in between? According to Harvard Business Review, about 92% of organizations say culture is the biggest impediment to these types of successes. According to Gartner, over 70% of CDOs think culture and funding are the biggest, most important barriers. But these feel like to me, actually, symptoms. So what does the root cause? It's communications. In communications, it's hard. Words mean different things to different people. When I come up with words, it's based on my experience and my background and knowledge. And by definition, it's highly subjective. But when we use it to communicate to others, we assume that it's facts and objective. And it'd be easier if it was conversations around fire and water like in my conversation with my mom, but we're in a space that requires a lot of jargon, like my definition, platforms, applications, wireframes. How many of you had this experience where you had an incredible idea and you went to go present to business stakeholders and you were significantly underwhelmed by the lack of enthusiasm? I definitely have. We are also passionate excited about the power of data in AI and the science behind it. So we take it upon ourselves to have to explain it to other people in stakeholders. And this burden, when we get to funnel funding and resource and conversations, we have successfully overwhelmed our audience. But thanks to OpenAI, business leaders, non-technical business leaders are starting to lean in people like my mom. And they're asking for it. They understand the power of this. They're asking, what can we do with this? So what do we do? How do we take advantage of this? Minds your intention that we have. At Slalom, we've been using this maturity framework for a couple of years now. It's called Modern Culture of Data. As some fundamental components, such as access and transparency, data literacy, and guardianship, a couple of the more aspirational components were ways of working on bold vision. And that's because it required engaging a broader set of leadership and team members that were not in the day-to-day in the data in the ice space. Looking back at some of the examples that I shared here, shifting from a car rental company to a mobility company or generating a new line of business with data as its court, it required a significantly bold vision. But data in AI now is having its moment and is giving us a license to be of a bolder. At Slalom, we aspire to build better tomorrows with data. And we should all think about how to seize this moment to drive better patient outcomes, data is more sustainable future, build equitable communities and economies, and see that positive impact that we want to see in the world. In order to build a better tomorrow with data, we need to have a seat at the table. And that seat is now ours. So I invite you all to share your boldest vision with me, my colleagues, anyone that you come across so that we can make my mom proud. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.